Aegis Pocketwatch	W	rare	Artifact	1	W	2W	T: Return another target permanent you own to its owner’s hand.			normal	VRD		RX05: flex slot
!New HorizonsREPLACEMEAwoken Arbiter	W	rare	Creature — Nightmare Angel 	4	W	1WW	Flying
Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
At the beginning of combat on your turn, another target creature you control gains indestructible until end of turn. If you’re in your endgame, it also gains double strike until end of turn.	3/3		normal	VRD		RW01: cycle; built for constructed (think Titans)REPLACEMEVeteran Gadgeteer	G	rare	Creature — Elf Artificer 	199	G	1G	Sacrifice an Aura or Equipment attached to a creature you control: That creature gains indestructible until end of turn.	3/2		normal	VRD		RW03: constructed plant; supporting <enchantments-matter aggro>REPLACEMEParagon Agent	W	rare	Creature — Human Soldier 	25	W	4W	When this creature enters, create a first strike Gadget, then attach it to this creature. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)
Equipment you control have equip 0.	4/2		normal	VRD		Bond Theme References: Nobody Does It Better
RW04: rare payoff card for set mechanicREPLACEMEPiece Together	W	rare	Enchantment	26	W	W	At the beginning of each end step, if three or more types of permanents entered the battlefield under your control this turn, draw a card.			normal	VRD		RW02: design for Mel psychographic
Story Spotlight 4/8REPLACEMEAwoken Thunderer	U	rare	Creature — Nightmare Sphinx 	43	U	2UU	Flying
Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
Whenever this creature attacks, surveil 2. When you do, if you’re in your endgame, you may return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.	4/4		normal	VRD		RU01: cycle; built for constructed (think Titans)REPLACEMETrick Questions	U	rare	Instant	74	U	XU	Repeat the following process X times. Reveal the top two cards of your library. Target opponent chooses one of those cards. Put that card into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.			normal	VRD		RU02: design for Spike psychographicREPLACEMESmuggling Kingpin	U	mythic	Creature — Human Noble 	71	U	1U	Whenever you attack, you may put a contraband counter on this creature.
Once each turn, you may cast a spell with mana value X from your hand without paying its mana cost, where X is the number of contraband counters on this creature.	2/1		normal	VRD		M04: constructed-oriented creatureREPLACEMETobias Maxwell, Justiciar Boss	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Advisor 	73	U	1UU	When Tobias Maxwell enters, reveal the top three cards of your library. You may put a creature card from among them into your hand. Put the rest into your graveyard.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, choose another target creature you control. Whenever that creature deals combat damage to a player this turn, draw a card.	3/3		normal	VRD		RU03: constructed plant; supporting <blue tempo>REPLACEMEAwoken Corruptor	B	rare	Creature — Nightmare Horror 	81	B	2BB	Flying
Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, reveal the top card of your library and put it into your hand. You lose life equal to its mana value unless you’re in your endgame.	3/3		normal	VRD		RB01: cycle; built for constructed (think Titans)REPLACEMEFacility Detonator	B	rare	Creature — Human Minion 	95	B	3BB	At the beginning of your upkeep, destroy all creatures.	1/1		normal	VRD		RB02: design for Vorthos psychographic
Story Spotlight 6/8REPLACEMEHugo Darkhand, the Mastermind	B	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Hugo 	100	B	4B			[+1]: Target player reveals two cards from their hand. You choose one of them. That player discards that card.
[-2]: Target player sacrifices a creature.
[-3]: Create Simone Birch, a legendary 3/4 black Human Warlock Minion creature token with deathtouch.
[-3]: Create Jamesson Stet, a legendary 4/3 black Human Warrior Minion creature token with menace.	planeswalker	VRD	5	M01: planeswalker from this planeREPLACEMESmirk, Darkhand's Favored	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Cat 	110	B	BB	When Smirk enters, add the top two cards of your library to your evil plan. (Look at them, then exile them face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, you draw a card and you lose 2 life.	2/3		normal	VRD		RB04: rare payoff card for set mechanicREPLACEMEUnkillable Henchman	B	rare	Creature — Zombie Minion 	118	B	B	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
This creature can’t block.
You may cast this card from your graveyard as long as you’re in your endgame.	2/1		normal	VRD		RX01: flex slotREPLACEMEAwoken Whelp	R	rare	Creature — Nightmare Dragon 	123	R	RR	Flying
Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
RR: This creature gets +1/+0 until
end of turn. If you’re in your endgame, it also gains double strike until end of turn.	2/2		normal	VRD		RR01: cycle; built for constructed (think Titans)REPLACEMEDoomsday Device	R	rare	Artifact	132	R	2R	R, T: Add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
2R, T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add seven mana of any one color. Activate only if there are seven or more cards in your evil plan.			normal	VRD		RR04: rare payoff card for set mechanicREPLACEMEInternational Manipulation	R	mythic	Sorcery	142	R	2RR	Until your next turn, you choose which creatures attack and block and how those creatures attack and block each combat.			normal	VRD		M05: commander-oriented noncreatureREPLACEMEIvas Taranka, Rogue Diplomat	WR	rare	Legendary Creature — Cat Advisor 	211	WR	3RW	Whenever a creature deals combat damage to one of your opponents, that creature’s controller creates a Gold token.
1, T: Target creature attacks target player or planeswalker this turn if able.	3/5		normal	VRD		RX04: flex slotREPLACEMEPit of Sharks	R	rare	Enchantment	145	R	1R	At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you’ve cast two or more spells this turn, create an X/X red Shark creature token, where X is the number of spells you’ve cast this turn. If you’ve cast six or more spells this turn, Sharks you control gain haste and trample until end of turn.			normal	VRD		RR03: constructed plant; supporting <Big Shark Combo>
StormREPLACEMERogue's Palace Colossus		common	Artifact Creature — Giant 	245	C	5	Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on this artifact. It gains trample until end of turn.	4/4		normal	VRD		RR02: design for Johnny/Jenny psychographicREPLACEMEAwoken Ravager	G	rare	Creature — Nightmare Hydra 	164	G	XGG	This creature enters with a +1/+1 counter on it for each mana spent to cast it.
Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
When this creature dies, if you’re in your endgame, create a number of 1/1 black Nightmare creature tokens equal to its power.	0/0		normal	VRD		RG01: cycle; built for constructed (think Titans)REPLACEMECrafty Informant	W	rare	Creature — Cat Rogue 	12	W	W	When this creature enters, look at target player’s hand, then choose a card name.
Prevent all combat damage that would be dealt to this creature by creatures with the chosen name.	2/1		normal	VRD		RG03: constructed plant; supporting <Pod> 
When Eldritch Experiment enters the battlefield, you may exile target creature you control.
XG, Sacrifice Eldritch Experiment: Search your library for a creature card with mana value equal to X plus the exiled card’s mana value. If you do, shuffle your library, then put that card onto the battlefield under your control and put the exiled card into your hand.
Innova
“We’ve got an entire filing cabinet just for you back at HQ, you know.”REPLACEMESpycraft Survivalist	UG	uncommon	Creature — Elf Rogue 	219	UG	2GU	Whenever you surveil, draw a card. (Do this after your surveil.)	4/4		normal	VRD		RG04: rare payoff card for set mechanicREPLACEMEStorm of Monstrosities	G	rare	Sorcery	194	G	5GG	Reveal the top seven cards of your library. You may put a creature card from among them onto the battlefield. If you do, create a token that’s a copy of it. Put the rest into your graveyard.			normal	VRD		RG02: design for Timmy/Tammy psychographic
Story Spotlight 2/8REPLACEMECodename Viridian	WG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elf Soldier 	202	WG	1GW	When Codename: Viridian enters, choose first strike, haste, lifelink, reach, or trample. Create a Gadget of that type, then attach it to her. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)
Noncreature, non-Equipment spells cost 1 more to cast for each permanent attached to Codename: Viridian.	3/3		normal	VRD		!exportname Codename ViridianREPLACEMEEvelyn Snakewood, Dark Druid	BG	rare	Legendary Creature — Elf Druid 	203	BG	BG	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
T: Add B or G.
T, Sacrifice Evelyn Snakewood: Return target creature card from your graveyard to the battlefield tapped. Activate only if you’re in your endgame.	2/2		normal	VRD		RX02: flex slotREPLACEMEPrototype Jetmobile		rare	Artifact — Vehicle 	241	C	3	Flying, haste
Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
This Vehicle is an artifact creature as long as you’re in your endgame.
Crew 3	5/3		normal	VRD		RC01: artifact creature or vehicleREPLACEMERemote Facility		common	Land	266	UR		This land enters tapped. When it enters, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
T: Add U or R.			normal	VRD		!landslotREPLACEMEThe Rogue's Palace		rare	Land	267	R		This land enters tapped unless you control two or more basic Mountains.
T: Add R.
RR, T, Discard your hand: Draw a card.			normal	VRD		RC03: constructed-oriented land
The Rogue’s Palace enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or more other lands that could produce R.
T: Add R.
RR, T, Discard your hand: Draw a card.
All on red.
LairREPLACEMEDispose Of	B	common	Sorcery	91	B	1B	Destroy target creature that isn’t enchanted or equipped.			normal	VRD		Bond Theme References: You Know My NameREPLACEMEDevious Electrocution	B	common	Sorcery	89	B	2B	Devious Electrocution deals 3 damage to any target. You gain 1 life for each artifact you control.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEBrutal Butcher	R	common	Creature — Minotaur Minion 	126	R	3R	Prowess
When this creature enters, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)	3/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEAgent of Justiciar	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	2	W	2W	When this creature enters, create a lifelink Gadget, then attach it to Agent of Justiciar. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)	1/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEIt All Comes Together	U	common	Sorcery	60	U	1U	Add the top two cards of your library to your evil plan. (Look at them, then exile them face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
Create a Gold token. (It’s an artifact with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEHugo's Watcher	B	common	Creature — Vampire Minion 	101	B	3B	Flying
When this creature enters, add the top card of your library to your evil plan (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)	2/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEArchive Bloodhound	G	common	Creature — Dog Advisor 	163	G	2G	Whenever you surveil, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMESuperweapon Blast	R	common	Instant	157	R	3RR	Superweapon Blast deals 7 damage to target creature. Destroy all Equipment attached to that creature.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEUnassuming Hooptie		uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	252	C	2	Whenever this Vehicle becomes a creature, attach any number of Equipment you control to it.
This Vehicle gets +1/+1 for each Equipment attached to it.
Crew 1	3/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMELairbuster Vanguard	G	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	182	G	1G	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
Whenever you cast a spell that targets this creature, if you’re in your endgame, put two +1/+1 counters on it.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMERight Where I Want You	B	common	Sorcery	108	B	2B	Target opponent reveals their hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.
Create a Gold token. (It’s an artifact with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEWhirlwind Romantic	BR	rare	Creature — Human Rogue 	223	BR	1BR	Haste
Whenever this creature attacks, you may gain control of target creature defending player both controls and owns with mana value 2 or less until end of turn. If you do, tap it. It’s attacking its owner.	3/1		normal	VRD		REPLACEMESchemer of Ancient Ways	BG	uncommon	Creature — Human Druid 	217	BG	1BG	T: Add B or G.
2BG, T: Surveil 2, then add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEShootout Stunt	G	common	Sorcery	187	G	2G	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you’ve cast another spell that targeted a creature this turn.
Target creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn. It fights target creature an opponent controls.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEJacques Elnis, Jetpack Rocketeer	WU	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Soldier 	212	WU	2WU	When Jacques Elnis enters, create a flying Gadget, then attach it to Jacques Elnis. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, put a +1/+1 counter on it.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEWithin My Grasp	UB	uncommon	Enchantment	224	UB	UB	At the beginning of your end step, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEHeart-Pounding Action	RG	uncommon	Enchantment	207	RG	RG	When this enchantment enters, look at the top four cards of your library. You may reveal an instant, sorcery, or Aura card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.
Whenever you cast a spell that targets a creature you control, you may put a +1/+1 counter on that creature.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMESim Nichol, Trinket Enchanter	WG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Artificer 	218	WG	3GW	At the beginning of your end step, draw a card if you attached with an equipped creature this turn, then draw a card if you attacked with an enchanted creature this turn.	3/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEFirearms Dealer	WB	uncommon	Creature — Human Artificer 	204	WB	WB	Whenever an artifact you control enters, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	2/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEHemec Yor, Flamethrower Dragoon	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Fox Artificer 	208	UR	3UR	Flying, haste
Whenever Hemec Yor attacks, she deals damage to any target equal to the number of spells you’ve cast this turn.	3/4		normal	VRD		REPLACEMETaranka's Posse	WR	uncommon	Creature — Cat Minion 	220	WR	1RW	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
When this creature enters, create a Gold token.
This creature gets +3/+3 as long as you’re in your endgame.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMESpider's Touch	B	common	Instant	113	B	1B	Up to one target creature gains deathtouch until end of turn.
Draw a card.			normal	VRD		Bond Theme References: GoldfingerREPLACEMECrackling Watcher	U	common	Creature — Nightmare Drake 	52	U	3U	Flying
When this creature enters, if you cast it from exile, surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)	3/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEFlare Gunner	R	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	138	R	2R	When this creature enters, create a haste Gadget, then attach it to this creature. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)
1, T: Target creature an opponent controls can’t block this turn.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMETaranka's Cohort	W	common	Creature — Cat Minion 	37	W	1W	W, T: Tap target creature.	1/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMESweet Talker	W	common	Creature — Human Minion 	34	W	2W	When this creature enters, you gain 3 life.	2/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMECitypulse Tracker	G	common	Creature — Human Scout 	167	G	3G	When this creature enters, surveil 2. When you do, you may return a land card from your graveyard to your hand. (To surveil 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)	3/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEContain the Monstrous	W	uncommon	Enchantment	11	W	3W	This spell costs 2 less to cast if a player controls a Nightmare.
When this enchantment enters, exile target nonland permanent until this enchantment leaves the battlefield.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEElvish Witness	G	common	Creature — Elf Rogue 	171	G	1G	When this creature enters, surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)
T: Add one mana of any color.	1/1		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEEavesdrop	U	common	Instant	53	U	U	Surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)
Draw a card.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEBrutal Stunt	G	common	Instant	166	G	1G	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you’ve cast another spell that targeted a creature this turn.
Target creature you control gets +4/+4 until end of turn.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMERenegade Agent	B	common	Creature — Human Rogue 	107	B	2B	Menace
When this creature dies, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)	3/1		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEConniving Spy	U	common	Creature — Human Minion 	49	U	2U	When this creature enters, surveil 1, then add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)	2/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEFull House	R	common	Sorcery	139	R	3RR	Add the top three cards of your library to your evil plan (Look at them, then exile them face down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
Create three Gold tokens. (They’re artifacts with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEStoneglare Agent	G	uncommon	Creature — Gorgon Rogue 	193	G	3G	When this creature enters, create a deathtouch Gadget, then attach it to this creature. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEFireslinger	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	136	R	1R	T: This creature deals 1 damage to any target and 1 damage to you.	1/1		normal	VRD		ReprintREPLACEMEAcrobatic Stunt	R	common	Instant	122	R	1R	This spell costs 1 less to cast if you’ve cast another spell that targeted a creature this turn.
Target creature you control gets +3/+0 and gains first strike until end of turn.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMESignature Stunt	R	common	Instant	154	R	3R	This spell costs 3 less to cast if you’ve cast another spell that targeted a creature this turn.
Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEObservant Contact	U	common	Creature — Human Advisor 	64	U	3U	When this creature dies, choose one —
• Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.
• Surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)	3/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEWall Scaler	U	common	Creature — Cat Rogue 	78	U	2U	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)
Whenever this creature deals damage to a player, draw a card.	1/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEWorld Domination	B	rare	Legendary Enchantment	119	B	XBBB	When this enchantment enters, you draw X cards and lose X life.
At the beginning of your end step, this enchantment deals damage to any target equal to the number of noncreature spells you’ve cast turn turn. You gain that much life.			normal	VRD		Mono Black Theme

Whenever a creature dies, you draw a card and you lose 1 life.
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, target creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn and you gain 2 life.

formerly villainyREPLACEMEGrimblood Vampire	B	common	Creature — Vampire Advisor 	98	B	3BB	Lifelink	4/4		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEJusticiar Overseer	W	rare	Creature — Angel Soldier 	21	W	2W	Flash
Flying
When this creature enters, the next 2 damage that a source of your choice would deal to you and/or permanents you control this turn is dealt to any target instead.	3/1		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEPenthouse Office		common	Land	265	WR		This land enters tapped. When it enters, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
T: Add R or W.			normal	VRD		!landslotREPLACEMESnakewood's Hideout		rare	Land	269	G		This land enters tapped unless you control two or more basic Forests.
T: Add G.
GG, T: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	VRD		LairREPLACEMEAce in the Hole	R	uncommon	Sorcery	121	R	2R	Add the top card of your library to your evil plan. If you’ve cast five or more spells this turn, Ace in the Hole deals 11 damage divided as you choose among any number of targets. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)			normal	VRD		StormREPLACEMEGrappling Hook		uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	234	C	4	Equipped creature has double strike.
Whenever equipped creature attacks, you may have target creature block it this turn if able.
Equip 4			normal	VRD		ReprintREPLACEMETalented Dealer	G	common	Creature — Elf Minion 	196	G	1G	When this creature enters, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. You gain 2 life. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)	2/1		normal	VRD		REPLACEMESabotage	U	common	Instant	66	U	1UU	Choose one —
• Counter target spell.
• Draw two cards, then discard a card.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEMission Briefing	U	uncommon	Instant	63	U	UU	Surveil 2, then choose an instant or sorcery card in your graveyard. You may cast it this turn. If that spell would be put into your graveyard this turn, exile it instead. (To surveil 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMECityweb Sentinel	G	common	Creature — Nightmare Spider 	168	G	4G	Reach
When this creature enters, surveil 3. (Look at the top three cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)	3/4		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEGhostly Observer	U	uncommon	Creature — Nightmare Spirit 	58	U	3U	Flash
Flying
Whenever a land card is put into a graveyard from a library, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMERecover the Evidence	G	uncommon	Sorcery	185	G	2G	Surveil 3. When you do, return target permanent card from your graveyard to your hand. (To surveil 3, look at the top three cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEDiabolical Minion	B	common	Creature — Human Minion 	90	B	B	Whenever you cast a black spell or an artifact spell, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
Whenever you cast a nonblack, nonartifact spell, you lose 1 life.	1/1		normal	VRD		Mono Black Theme
!rul Casting a black artifact spell only triggers the first ability once.REPLACEMEZap Toady	R	common	Creature — Human Minion 	160	R	2R	When this creature enters, create a Gold token for each creature you control named Zap Toady. (Gold is an artifact with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	1/4		normal	VRD		Collect Me Cycle
StormREPLACEMEFrantic Inventory	U	common	Instant	55	U	1U	Draw a card, then draw cards equal to the number of cards named Frantic Inventory in your graveyard.			normal	VRD		Collect Me Cycle
ReprintREPLACEMECharmed Stray	W	common	Creature — Cat 	7	W	W	Lifelink
When this creature enters, put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control named Charmed Stray.	1/1		normal	VRD		Collect Me Cycle
ReprintREPLACEMEEndless Mooks	B	common	Creature — Human Minion 	93	B	2B	When this creature enters, you may search your library for any number of cards named Endless Mooks, reveal them, put them into your hand, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	VRD		Collect Me CycleREPLACEMECohort Battlemage	G	common	Creature — Human Shaman Minion 	170	G	2GG	This creature gets +1/+0 and has trample as long as you control another creature named Cohort Battlemage.	4/4		normal	VRD		Collect Me CycleREPLACEMEElectrocution Assistant	U	common	Creature — Hyena Minion 	54	U	1U	When this creature enters, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
T: Add U. Spend this mana only to cast your evil plan or cast a noncreature spell.	2/1		normal	VRD		StormREPLACEMEPolitical Puppeteer	W	common	Creature — Cat Advisor 	27	W	3W	Whenever an artifact you control enters for the first time each turn, you may pay 2. If you do, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)	3/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEPower Source		common	Artifact	240	C	2	When this artifact enters, draw two cards, then discard two cards.
1, T: Add one mana of any color. This ability costs 1 less to activate if you control three or more artifacts named Power Source.			normal	VRD		Collect Me CycleREPLACEMERogue's Palace Cardshark	RG	rare	Creature — Dog Noble 	216	RG	2RG	When this creature enters, an opponent looks at the top four cards of your library and separates them into a face-down pile and a face-up pile. Reveal one of those piles, then put all permanent cards with mana value 3 or less from that pile onto the battlefield under your control. Put the rest and the other pile into your graveyard.	3/2		normal	VRD		RR02: design for Johnny/Jenny psychographicREPLACEMEDeft Wingman	W	common	Creature — Angel Soldier 	14	W	3W	Flying	2/4		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEScampering Journalist	B	common	Creature — Rat Scout 	109	B	B	When this creature enters, surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)
B: This creature gains deathtouch until end of turn.	1/1		normal	VRD		REPLACEMETracker's Cigar		common	Artifact — Equipment 	250	C	2	When this artifact enters, search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, and put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip 1			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEFiligree Familiar		common	Artifact Creature — Fox 	232	C	3	When this creature enters, you gain 2 life.
When this creature dies, draw a card.	2/2		normal	VRD		ReprintREPLACEMETyrant's Machine		common	Artifact	251	C	2	4, T: Tap target creature.			normal	VRD		ReprintREPLACEMELair Assistant		common	Artifact Creature — Minion 	235	C	2	When this creature enters, choose one —
• Add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
• Shuffle up to four cards from your graveyard into your library.	2/1		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEPilgrim's Eye		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Thopter 	239	C	3	Flying
When this creature enters, search your library for a basic land card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	1/1		normal	VRD		Reprint !checkREPLACEMEConcealed Firearms		common	Artifact — Equipment 	229	C	2	Equipped creature gets +1/+1 and has “Whenever this creature attacks, surveil 1.” (To surveil 1, look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)
Equip 1			normal	VRD		REPLACEMESnakewood's Summons	G	common	Sorcery	189	G	2G	Add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
Search your library for a basic land card and put it onto the battlefield tapped. Then shuffle.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMESwift Gadgeteer	W	common	Creature — Human Artificer 	35	W	1W	Whenever an artifact you control enters, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMECold-Blooded Assassin	B	common	Creature — Human Assassin 	86	B	3B	When this creature, create a menace Gadget, then attach it to this creature. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)	4/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEInnovations in Interrogation	B	common	Sorcery	102	B	4B	Target player discards two cards. Innovations in Interrogation deals 4 damage to that player.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEWorkshop Crawler	W	common	Artifact Creature — Insect 	39	W	3W	When this creature enters, you may pay X. If you do, put X +1/+1 counters on it.	3/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEIroshi, Blade of the Old Ways	G	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Iroshi 	178	G	2GG			Flash
As long as Iroshi entered this turn, you may activate their loyalty abilities any time you could cast an instant.
[+1]: You may return a creature you control to its owner’s hand. If you do, draw a card.
[-1]: Create a 2/2 green Ninja creature token.
[-2]: Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature or planeswalker.	planeswalker	VRD	3	!New HorizonsREPLACEMEIroshi's Devotee	G	rare	Creature — Cat Ninja 	179	G	6G	Flash
As an additional cost to cast this spell, you may return any number of creatures you control to their owners’ hands. This spell costs 2 less to cast for each creature returned to its owner’s hand this way.	5/5		normal	VRD		REPLACEMECorrupt Form	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	51	U	U	Flash
Enchant artifact or creature
Enchanted permanent doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEExplode	R	common	Sorcery	135	R	2R	Choose one —
• Explode deals 4 damage to target creature without flying.
• Destroy target artifact.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEFunding Organizer	W	common	Creature — Human Advisor 	18	W	2W	Artifact and enchantment spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.	3/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMESainted Agent	W	uncommon	Creature — Angel Soldier 	29	W	3W	Flying
If a nontoken creature an opponent controls would die, instead exile that card and put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMETactical Skis		uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	249	C	2	Equipped creature has haste and ward 2. (Whenever it becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless its controller pays 2.)
Equip 0			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEConfronter of Evil	W	common	Creature — Angel Soldier 	10	W	1WW	Flying
Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
This creature has vigilance as long as you’re in your endgame.	2/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEBodyguard Bruisers	W	common	Creature — Human Minion 	6	W	1W	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
This creature gets +2/+2 as long as you’re in your endgame.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEMissing in Action	W	common	Sorcery	23	W	2WW	Exile target nonland permanent. Its controller may surveil 1. (That player looks at the top card of their library, then may put it into their graveyard.)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEShoot to Kill	W	common	Instant	30	W	W	Choose one —
• Shoot to Kill deals 2 damage to target attacking creature.
• Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. If it’s your turn, it gains first strike until end of turn.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEPartners in Crime	R	uncommon	Creature — Human Rogue 	144	R	2R	Whenever this creature attacks, create a Gold token. (It’s an artifact with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
Whenever you cast a spell, if mana from an artifact was spent to cast that spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Partners in Crime.	2/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEHit Me	UB	rare	Sorcery	209	UB	3UB	Exile the top card of your library. Then if the total mana value of cards exiled this way is 10 or greater, put those cards into your graveyard. Otherwise, you may repeat this process. If you don’t, put all cards exiled this way into your hand.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEEmergent Doom	R	common	Creature — Nightmare Giant 	134	R	6R	Haste
When this creature enters, it gets +2/+0 and gains trample until end of turn.	6/5		normal	VRD		REPLACEMECitystalker Moth	W	uncommon	Creature — Nightmare Insect 	8	W	3WW	Flying
Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you’re in your endgame, you may tap target creature.	4/4		normal	VRD		REPLACEMELuxurious Estate		rare	Land	263	C		As this land enters, you may pay 2 life. If you don’t, it enters the battlefield tapped.
T: Add C.
T, Pay 1 life: Add one mana of any color.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEStandard-Issue Firearm	W	common	Artifact — Equipment 	32	W	W	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
Equipped creature gets +2/+2.
Equip 4. This ability costs 3 less to activate as long as you’re in your endgame.			normal	VRD		“Even our most basic tools are not lacking in... unconventional features.”
— Sir Hogginsworth, QuartermasterREPLACEMEFace It All	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	16	W	1W	Flash
Enchant creature
When this enchantment enters, prevent all damage that would be dealt to enchanted creature this turn.
Enchanted creature gets +1/+1.			normal	VRD		Bond Theme References: SkyfallREPLACEMEInexorable Onslaught	U	uncommon	Instant	59	U	3U	This spell can’t be countered.
Create two 1/1 black Nightmare creature tokens for each spell you’ve cast this turn.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEParanormal Investigators	B	common	Creature — Human Scout 	106	B	1B	When this creature dies, you may put it on the bottom of its owner’s library. If you do, return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.	2/1		normal	VRD		REPLACEMESelf-Destructing Message	R	uncommon	Sorcery	151	R	1R	Draw three cards. Discard three cards at the beginning of the next end step.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEShifting Lair		uncommon	Land	268	C		This land enters tapped. When it enters, return a land you control to its owner’s hand.
T: Add C and one mana of any color.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEMissile Silo		uncommon	Artifact	237	C	4	This artifact enters the battlefield with two charge counters on it.
T: Put a charge counter on this artifact.
T,  Sacrifice this artifact: It deals damage equal to the number of charge counters on it to any target.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEBlunt Instrument	R	rare	Creature — Human Soldier 	124	R	R	Trample
Whenever this creature is dealt damage, it deals that much damage to you unless it’s enchanted or equipped.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMESuave Jetster	W	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	33	W	4W	When this creature enters, create a flying Gadget, then attach it to this creature. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)	3/4		normal	VRD		Bond Theme References: ThunderballREPLACEMEThe Sunfire		mythic	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	248	WR	2	Equipped creature gets +2/+2.
Whenever equipped creature attacks, choose any number —
• Pay R. When you do, The Sunfire deals 2 damage to any target.
• Pay W. When you do, tap target creature you don’t control. You gain life equal to its power.
Equip 2			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEFrightborn Skyshark	U	common	Creature — Nightmare Shark 	56	U	2U	Flash
Flying	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEAdept Arcanist	U	common	Creature — Human Wizard 	41	U	3U	When this creature enters, create a ward 2 Gadget, then attach it to this creature. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)	3/4		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEJusticiar Stormblade	U	common	Creature — Human Soldier 	61	U	1U	When this creature enters, create a flying Gadget, then attach it to this creature. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)	1/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEScuttling Underling	U	common	Creature — Nightmare Homarid 	70	U	5U	When this creature enters or dies, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)	5/5		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEBrain Backup	U	common	Creature — Brain 	44	U	1U	T: Surveil 1. Activate only as a sorcery. (To surveil 1, look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)	0/4		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEClone	U	uncommon	Creature — Shapeshifter 	47	U	3U	You may have this creature enter as a copy of any creature on the battlefield.	0/0		normal	VRD		ReprintREPLACEMEWithout a Trace	U	common	Instant	79	U	3U	Put target creature into its owner’s library third from the top.			normal	VRD		ReprintREPLACEMEConquest Terminal	U	common	Artifact	50	U	1U	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
T: Target player mills a card. If you’re in your endgame, that player mills two cards instead.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEPerspicacity		rare	Artifact	238	C	3	Whenever an artifact or creature you control dies for the first time each turn, draw a card.
Whenever you cast a colorless spell, create a 1/1 colorless Minion artifact creature token.			normal	VRD		!exportname PerspicacityREPLACEMECalamity Smith In The Gilded Heist	R	mythic	Legendary Planeswalker — Calamity 	127	R	2R			[+1]: Create a Gold token.
[-X]: You may pay X. If you do, Calamity Smith deals X damage to each creature and planeswalker you don’t control.
[-4]: Create a colorless artifact token named Gilded Lotus with “T: Add three mana of any one color.”	planeswalker	VRD	2	!exportname Calamity Smith In The Gilded HeistREPLACEMETireless Innovation	WU	rare	Enchantment	221	WU	WU	2, Sacrifice an artifact: Search your library for an artifact card with mana value equal to 1 plus the sacrificed artifact’s mana value, put that card onto the battlefield, then shuffle. Activate only once each turn and only as a sorcery.			normal	VRD		!New HorizonsREPLACEMESmash to Smithereens	R	common	Instant	155	R	1R	Destroy target artifact. Smash to Smithereens deals 3 damage to that artifact’s controller.			normal	VRD		ReprintREPLACEMEOutdated Crony	B	common	Artifact Creature — Minion 	105	B	1B	Whenever another artifact you control enters, you may sacrifice this creature. If you do, draw two cards.	2/1		normal	VRD		REPLACEMESoulsucker	B	common	Creature — Nightmare Leech 	112	B	1B	When this creature enters, target opponent discards a card.	1/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMETough Customer	B	common	Creature — Human Minion 	117	B	2B	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
When this creature dies, up to one target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn. If you’re in your endgame, that creature gets -2/-2 until end of turn instead.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEEvil Scheme	B	common	Sorcery	94	B	B	Surveil 2, then add the top two cards of your library to your evil plan. (Look at them, then exile them face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMETorment Nexus	B	common	Artifact	116	B	2B	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
T: Target player loses 1 life.
T, Sacrifice this artifact: Target player loses 3 life. Activate only if you’re in your endgame.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMETorch Twirler	R	common	Creature — Fox Minion 	158	R	1R	When this creature enters, you may discard a card. If you do, add the top two cards of your library to your evil plan. (Look at them, then exile them face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)	1/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMERogue's Palace Bouncer	R	common	Creature — Human Minion 	150	R	1R	Defender
Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
This creature can attack as though it didn’t have defender as long as you’re in your endgame.	3/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMERocket Shark	R	common	Creature — Shark 	149	R	3RR	Haste
This creature has flying as long as you’ve cast two or more spells this turn.	4/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEPrototype Robosaur	R	common	Artifact Creature — Dinosaur 	146	R	2R	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.
2R: This creature gains trample until end of turn.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEReckless Spy	R	common	Creature — Human Rogue 	148	R	1R	Whenever this creature attacks, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEToughened Goon	R	common	Creature — Minotaur Minion 	159	R	2RR	Menace	4/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEDisposable Mook	R	common	Creature — Human Minion 	131	R	R	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
When this creature dies, create a Gold token. Then if you’re in your endgame, draw a card. (Gold is an artifact with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	1/1		normal	VRD		REPLACEMELair Butler	G	common	Creature — Minotaur Minion 	181	G	3G	When this creature enters, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)	2/4		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEApparatus Operator	G	common	Creature — Minotaur Artificer 	162	G	1G	When this creature, create a reach Gadget, then attach it to this creature. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMESprocketed Brawler	G	common	Creature — Minotaur Soldier 	191	G	4G	When this creature enters, create a trample Gadget, then attach it to this creature. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)	5/5		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEJusticiar Dispatcher	G	common	Creature — Minotaur Advisor 	180	G	4G	When this creature enters, if you control an Aura or Equipment, draw a card.	4/4		normal	VRD		REPLACEMECodename Heavy Hitter	G	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Minotaur Soldier 	169	G	3GGG	When this creature enters, create four trample Gadgets, then attach them to this creature. (They’re Equipment artifact tokens with equip 2 that grant that ability.)
Creatures you control get +1/+1 for each permanent attached to them.	1/1		normal	VRD		!exportname Codename Heavy HitterREPLACEMEThrashing Devourer	G	common	Creature — Nightmare Wurm 	197	G	5GG	Trample	7/7		normal	VRD		REPLACEMESnakewood's Final Servant	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Nightmare Demon 	111	B	3BBB	Flying, trample
Other Nightmares you control get +2/+2.
At the beginning of your upkeep, choose one —
• Sacrifice a creature. You gain 8 life.
• Put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control, except it’s a Nightmare in addition to its other types. This creature deals 8 damage to you.	8/8		normal	VRD		reprint
!rul If you are unable to target a card in a graveyard, you have to choose the first mode.REPLACEMESmuggler's Cunning	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	188	G	3G	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
When this enchantment enters, surveil 2, then draw a card. (To surveil 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMESuspicious Merchant	G	common	Creature — Fox Rogue 	195	G	2G	Reach, deathtouch	1/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMESabotage Skitterer	G	common	Artifact Creature — Insect 	186	G	G	G, T, Sacrifice this creature: Destroy target artifact or enchantment.	1/1		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEGranite Harbinger		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Nightmare Gargoyle 	233	C	1	Flying
When this creature dies, you may search your library for a Nightmare card, reveal it, put it into your hand, then shuffle.	1/1		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEJebidiah Digsworth, the Mole	UG	rare	Legendary Creature — Mole Rogue 	213	UG	GU	Jebidiah Digsworth enters under the control of an opponent of your choice.
Creatures you control attack each combat if able and attack a player other than Jebidiah Digsworth’s owner if able.
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, Jebidiah Digsworth’s owner draws a card.	3/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEThe Rack		uncommon	Artifact	244	C	1	As this artifact enters, choose an opponent.
At the beginning of the chosen player’s upkeep, this artifact deals X damage to that player, where X is 3 minus the number of cards in their hand.			normal	VRD		ReprintREPLACEMEHugo's Handiwork	BG	mythic	Legendary Artifact	210	BG	1BG	X, Sacrifice this artifact: Destroy each nonland, non-Hugo permanent with mana value X or less.			normal	VRD		Story Spotlight 7/8REPLACEMEPursuit Hovercraft		common	Artifact — Vehicle 	242	C	3	When this artifact enters, draw a card.
Crew 3 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 3 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEHeist of the Century	R	rare	Sorcery	141	R	2R	Search your library for up to one artifact card, up to one Rogue card, and up to one Calamity planeswalker card. Reveal those cards, put them into your hand, discard a card at random, then shuffle.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEHold for Ransom	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	19	W	1W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can’t attack or block.
8: Destroy Hold for Ransom. Any player may activate this ability.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMECardboard Box		uncommon	Artifact	228	C	2	When this artifact enters, draw a card.
Spells that target you cost 2 more to cast.
T, Sacrifice this artifact: Untap target creature that’s attacking you and remove it from combat.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEAll According to Plan	W	rare	Instant	3	W	1W	Counter up to one target spell unless its controller pays 1. Your opponents can’t cast spells this turn.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEScuba Suit	U	uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	69	U	U	Equipped creature has ward X, where X is the number of permanents attached to it. (Multiple instances of ward trigger separately.)
1: Equipped creature can’t be blocked this turn.
Equip 1			normal	VRD		REPLACEMESteelbane Sniper	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Archer 	192	G	3G	When this creature enters, choose one —
• Create a reach Gadget, then attach it to this creature. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)
• Destroy target artifact creature.	4/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMESave the World	U	rare	Instant	67	U	1UU	Counter all other spells.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMENew Tellison Express	W	uncommon	Artifact — Vehicle 	24	W	2W	Vigilance
Whenever another artifact you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on this artifact.
Crew 2 (Tap any number of creatures you control with total power 2 or more: This Vehicle becomes an artifact creature until end of turn.)	4/4		normal	VRD		REPLACEMETherese Grimblood	B	mythic	Legendary Creature — Vampire Noble 	115	B	2BB	Whenever you cast your first black spell each turn, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
You may pay BBBB and 4 life rather than 7 to cast your evil plan.	4/4		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEBlacklist		rare	Artifact	227	C	3	As this artifact enters, choose a nonland card name.
Spells with the chosen name can’t be cast.
Creatures with the chosen name can’t attack unless their controller pays 3.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEWhite Spy	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	38	W	1W	When this creature enters, create a first strike Gadget, then attach it to White Spy. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)
Enchanted creatures and equipped creatures you control have hexproof from black.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMELive and Let Die	B	rare	Enchantment	103	B	3BB	If a creature or planeswalker dying causes a triggered ability of a permanent you control to trigger, that ability triggers an additional time.
At the beginning of your upkeep, return up to one target creature or planeswalker card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	VRD		Bond Theme References: Live and Let DieREPLACEMEDream-Ash Phoenix	R	uncommon	Creature — Nightmare Phoenix 	133	R	2R	Flying
R: Return this card from your graveyard to your hand. Activate only if you’ve cast two or more spells this turn.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMECodename Wise Guy	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Otter Soldier 	48	U	2U	When this creature enters, create a prowess Gadget, then attach it to Codename: Wise Guy. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)
Whenever Wise Guy deals combat damage to a player, draw that many cards.	1/1		normal	VRD		!exportname Codename Wise GuyREPLACEMECodename Half Moon	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Shade Soldier 	85	B	3BB	When this creature enters, create a menace Gadget, then attach it to this creature. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)
Whenever you tap a Swamp for mana, if Half Moon is tapped, add an additional B.
B: Target equipped or enchanted creature you control gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	3/3		normal	VRD		!exportname Codename Half MoonREPLACEMECodename High Life	W	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Fox Soldier 	9	W	2WW	When this creature enters, create two lifelink Gadgets, then attach them to each of up to two target creatures. (They’re Equipment artifact tokens with equip 2 that grant that ability.)
At the beginning of your end step, if you gained 4 or more life this turn, create two 1/1 white Soldier creature tokens.	2/2		normal	VRD		!exportname Codename High LifeREPLACEMECodename Cold Blood	R	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Vampire Soldier 	128	R	1R	Whenever this creature attacks, create a first strike Gadget, then attach it to another target attacking creature. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)
Whenever an enchanted or equipped creature you control becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, that creature deals damage equal to its power to that player.	3/1		normal	VRD		!exportname Codename Cold BloodREPLACEMERambling Monologue	R	rare	Enchantment	147	R	2RR	Whenever you cast a spell, put a verse counter on this enchantment, then it deals damage to each opponent equal to the number of verse counters on it.
Whenever an opponent casts a spell, remove all verse counters from this enchantment.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEShock	R	common	Instant	153	R	R	Shock deals 2 damage to any target.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEDaredevil Brandishing	W	uncommon	Instant	13	W	4W	Create a double strike Gadget, then you may attach it to target creature you control. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEGrimblood's Mastermind	B	uncommon	Creature — Vampire Noble 	99	B	2BB	When this creature enters, add the top four cards of your library to your evil plan. (Look at them, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
Whenever you cast a spell from exile, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEFlamethrower Volley	R	uncommon	Instant	137	R	1R	Flamethrower Volley deals 3 damage to target creature or planeswalker. Then you may pay 6. If you do, Flamethrower Volley deals 6 damage to that permanent’s controller.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEGather Intel	U	uncommon	Instant	57	U	1U	Draw three cards, then put two cards from your hand on top of your library in any order.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEGearheart Baron	R	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Rogue Noble 	140	R	4RR	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
At the beginning of your end step, if you’re in your endgame, this creature deals damage to any target equal to the number of tapped artifacts you control.	4/4		normal	VRD		REPLACEMECity Soarer	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	45	U	2U	When this creature enters, create a flying Gadget and a ward 2 Gadget, then attach them to this creature. (They’re Equipment artifact tokens with equip 2 that grants those ability.)	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEThe Clock is Ticking	U	rare	Enchantment	46	U	2UU	At the beginning of each opponent’s end step, put a time counter on this enchantment. When you do, choose one for each time counter on it. You may choose the same mode more than once.
• Target player mills a card.
• Draw a card, then discard a card.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMESecret Base Sentinel		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Centaur Minion 	247	C	4	First strike
Ward—Discard a card. (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player discards a card.)
Other artifacts and creatures you control have “Ward—Discard a card.”	2/3		normal	VRD		!checkREPLACEMESteed of Agonies	B	uncommon	Creature — Nightmare Horse 	114	B	5B	Flying, trample
At the beginning of your end step, if you control six or more Swamps, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.	3/4		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEArcane Catalyst		uncommon	Artifact	226	C	2	1, T, Sacrifice this artifact:  Search your library for two basic land cards, reveal them, and put them into your hand, then shuffle. Add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMELay Low	W	uncommon	Instant	22	W	W	Counter target spell that targets you or a permanent you control.
Surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEField Worker	G	uncommon	Creature — Human Scout 	174	G	1G	When this creature enters, choose one —
• Surveil 2. (Look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)
• Return target Aura card from your graveyard to your hand.	3/1		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEWhirring Sky Gizmo		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Thopter 	254	C	4	Flash
Flying
When this creature enters, you may exile target non-Thopter artifact or creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under your control.	2/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEWire Gobbler	G	uncommon	Creature — Nightmare Ouphe 	200	G	3G	When this creature enters, you may sacrifice an artifact or enchantment. If you do, draw two cards.	3/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEFrank Atran, Augmented Agent	W	mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature — Human Soldier 	17	W	3W	When Frank Atran enters, create a vigilance Gadget, then attach it to him. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)
W, T, Sacrifice an artifact: Return target enchantment card from your graveyard to your hand.
W, T, Sacrifice an enchantment: Return target artifact card from your graveyard to your hand.	4/4		normal	VRD		Augmented Agent has first strike as long as it’s your turn.
Whenever Augmented Agent enters the battlefield or attacks, create a token that’s a copy of target Equipment you control. Then, you may attach that token to Augmented Agent.

Whenever you cast an Equipment or Aura spell, put a +1/+1 counter on Augmented Agent.
Whenever Augmented Agent enters the battlefield or attacks, you may reveal an Equipment or Aura card you own from outside the game and put it into your hand.REPLACEMETake Out	W	uncommon	Sorcery	36	W	W	Destroy target tapped creature.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEJodanist Bishop	W	uncommon	Creature — Human Cleric 	20	W	2W	When this creature enters, create a 1/1 black Nightmare creature token.
6W: Create a 1/1 black Nightmare creature token. Creatures you control get +1/+1 until end of turn.	1/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEScheming Sphinx	U	uncommon	Creature — Sphinx Wizard 	68	U	3UU	Flying
Whenever this creature attacks, draw a card, then add a card from your hand to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)	3/4		normal	VRD		REPLACEMETwo Heads Are Better	U	uncommon	Enchantment	76	U	1U	1U: Surveil 2. Activate only as a sorcery. (To surveil 2, look at the top two cards of your library, then put any number of them into your graveyard and the rest on top of your library in any order.)
1U, Sacrifice this enchantment: Add the top two cards of your library to your evil plan. (Look at them, then exile them face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMECrooked Politician	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Advisor 	87	B	2B	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
Whenever a nontoken creature you control dies, create a 1/1 black Minion creature token. If you’re in your endgame, you gain 1 life. Otherwise, you lose 1 life.	2/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEGoon Squad	B	uncommon	Instant	97	B	4B	Create three 1/1 black Minion creature tokens. Add the top three cards of your library to your evil plan. (Look at those cards, then exile them face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMESatellite Tower		uncommon	Artifact	246	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.
At the beginning of your end step, untap target artifact.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEDescent of the Nightmares	B	uncommon	Instant	88	B	4BB	Destroy target creature. Create X 1/1 black Nightmare creature tokens, where X is that creature’s power.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEWorldender Engine	B	uncommon	Artifact Creature — Giant Minion 	120	B	4BB	Menace
This creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.
Whenever another artifact you control enters, untap this creature.	8/8		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEBrawl Instigator	R	uncommon	Creature — Minotaur Minion 	125	R	3RR	When this creature enters, add the top two cards of your library to your evil plan. (Look at them, then exile them face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, this creature fights up to one other target creature.	4/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEDeadshot Stunt	R	uncommon	Instant	129	R	2R	This spell costs 2 less to cast if you’ve cast another spell that targeted a creature this turn.
Target creature you control gains double strike until end of turn.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEUpgrade Stunt	G	uncommon	Sorcery	198	G	4G	This spell costs 4 less to cast if you’ve cast another spell that targeted a creature this turn.
Target creature gets +4/+4 and gains trample until end of turn. It must be blocked this turn if able.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEFight Scene	G	uncommon	Enchantment	175	G	2G	When this enchantment enters, target creature you control fights up to one target creature.
Whenever you cast a spell that targets a creature you control, you may return this enchantment to its owner’s hand.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEExecution Table		common	Artifact	231	C	2	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
3, Sacrifice this artifact: It deals 3 damage to target creature. If you’re in your endgame, it deals 5 damage instead.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEElectric Goon		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Minion 	230	C	3	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
T: Add one mana of any color.
At the beginning of your upkeep, if you’re in your endgame, surveil 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put it into your graveyard.)	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEQuickdraw Pistol		uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	243	C	2	Flash
When this artifact enters, you may attach it to target creature you control.
Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
Equip 2			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEBrot, Head Honcho	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Human Minion 	84	B	1B	Whenever Brot or another Minion you control dies, you draw a card and lose 1 life.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEUndercover Gadgeteer	WG	rare	Creature — Human Soldier 	222	WG	2GW	Flash
When this creature enters, draw a card for each differently named Equipment you control.
You may activate equip abilities any time you could cast an instant.	3/3		normal	VRD		!rul Gadgets are named after their keyword, ie ’Flying Gadget,’ ’Trample Gadget,’ etc.REPLACEMEPresence of the First Dream	U	rare	Enchantment	65	WUBRG	1U	When this enchantment enters, return up to one target creature to its owner’s hand.
At the beginning of each end step, if you’ve spent WUBRG to cast spells this turn, draw a card.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEOne Last Stunt	R	rare	Sorcery	143	R	3R	As long as lands you control could produce 3R and you’ve cast another spell that targeted a creature this turn, you may exile a red card from your hand rather than pay One Last Stunt’s mana cost.
Untap target creature. After this main phase, there is an additional combat phase followed by an additional main phase.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEAncestral Scheme	U	rare	Instant	42	U	U	Add the top three cards of your library to your evil plan. (Look at those cards, then exile them face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEBoss's Favorites	B	uncommon	Creature — Vampire Minion 	83	B	1B	1, Sacrifice another creature: Add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMESomnogoyf	G	rare	Creature — Nightmare Lhurgoyf 	190	G	1G	Somnogoyf’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of different mana values among nonland cards in your graveyard.	*/*		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEFlourishing Evil	G	rare	Enchantment	176	G	2G	When this enchantment enters, surveil 2, then add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
Once each turn, you may reveal a card as you add it to your evil plan. If it’s a land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped and add the top card of your library to your evil plan.			normal	VRD		!rul The land will enter the battlefield from exile.REPLACEMEMana Smuggler	G	uncommon	Creature — Elf Druid 	183	G	2G	This creature can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.
At the beginning of each end step, if you’ve surveiled this turn, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)	3/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMENight Drudger	G	rare	Creature — Human Soldier 	184	G	2G	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
G: Exile target creature card from a graveyard. Put a +1/+1 counter on this creature. If you’re in your endgame, you gain 2 life.	3/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEAnnihilator Suit		rare	Artifact — Vehicle 	225	C	7	Trample
When this artifact enters, each opponent chooses an artifact, a creature, an enchantment, and a planeswalker from among the nonland permanents they control, then sacrifices the rest.
Crew 5	9/9		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEThe First Dream	WUBRG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elder Nightmare 	205	WUBRG	3WUBRG	This spell can’t be countered.
Trample, ward 4
Your opponents play with cards they own from outside the game revealed.
You may cast spells any player owns from outside the game or from the command zone.	13/13		normal	VRD		!rul In games without sideboards, each player owns an unlimited number of copies of each card legal in Revolution.REPLACEMEEnigmatic Progenitor	G	mythic	Creature — Nightmare Sliver 	172	G	5GGG	Slivers you control have “At the beginning of each upkeep, create a 1/1 green Nightmare Sliver creature token.”	7/7		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEYou Only Live Twice	W	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	40	W	3W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +3/+3.
When enchanted creature dies, return that card to its owner’s hand.			normal	VRD		Bond Theme References: You Only Live TwiceREPLACEMEElder Mathias Jodan	W	mythic	Legendary Creature — Avatar Cleric 	15	WB	1WW	At the beginning of your end step, create a 1/1 white Cleric creature token.
1B, Sacrifice a non-Nightmare creature: Create a 1/1 black Nightmare creature token and draw a card.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMETheory of Everything	U	mythic	Enchantment	72	U	5UUUU	If you would draw a card, you may draw two cards instead.
Whenever you cast a spell, you may copy it. If you do, you may choose new targets for the copy. (A copy of a permanent spell becomes a token.)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEBankbuster Heavy	G	rare	Creature — Human Minion 	165	G	GG	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
G, Sacrifice this creature: Destroy target noncreature permanent. Activate only if you’re in your endgame.	3/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEGild	B	uncommon	Sorcery	96	B	3B	Exile target creature. Create a Gold token. (It’s an artifact with “Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEOrganized Espionage	B	rare	Enchantment	104	B	1B	Black creatures you control get +1/+1.
Whenever a creature you control deals combat damage to a player, you may sacrifice it and pay 3 life. If you do, that player discards a card and you draw a card.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEMinion	B	common	Token Creature — Minion 	6	B			1/1		token	VRD		!related Crooked Politician;Goon Squad<3>;REPLACEMEHaste Gadget		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	18	C		Equipped creature has haste.
Equip 2			token	VRD		!related Flare Gunner;Codename Viridian;REPLACEMEDouble Strike Gadget		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	13	C		Equipped creature has double strike.
Equip 2			token	VRD		!related Daredevil Brandishing;REPLACEMEFirst Strike Gadget		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	14	C		Equipped creature has first strike.
Equip 2			token	VRD		!related Deft Wingman;Paragon Agent;White Spy;Black Spy;Codename Cold Blood;Codename Viridian;REPLACEMENightmare	B	common	Token Creature — Nightmare 	7	B			1/1		token	VRD		!related Elder Mathias Jodan;Jodanist Bishop;Inexorable Onslaught<2>;Descent of the Nightmares;Awoken Ravager;Nowhere to Run;Dreamrender;REPLACEMECleric	W	common	Token Creature — Cleric 	3	W			1/1		token	VRD		!related Elder Mathias Jodan;REPLACEMEFlying Gadget		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	15	C		Equipped creature has flying.
Equip 2			token	VRD		!related Suave Jetster;City Soarer;Glider! Deploy!;Justiciar Stormblade;Jacques Elnis, Jetpack Rocketeer;REPLACEMEWard Gadget		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	27	C		Equipped creature has ward 2.
Equip 2			token	VRD		!related Arcane Infiltrator;City Soarer;REPLACEMEProwess Gadget		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	23	C		Equipped creature has prowess.
Equip 2			token	VRD		!related Codename Wise Guy;REPLACEMEMenace Gadget		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	21	C		Equipped creature has menace.
Equip 2			token	VRD		!related Codename Half Moon;Cold-Blooded Assassin;REPLACEMESimone Birch	B	common	Legendary Token Creature — Human Warlock Minion 	8	B		Deathtouch	3/4		token	VRD		!related Hugo Darkhand;REPLACEMEJamesson Stet	B	common	Legendary Token Creature — Human Warrior Minion 	5	B		Menace	4/3		token	VRD		!related Hugo Darkhand;REPLACEMEGold		common	Token Artifact	17	C		Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	VRD		!related Calamity Smith In The Gilded Heist;Disposable Mook;Ivas Taranka, Rogue Diplomat;Taranka’s Posse;Infiltrating Lackey;It All Comes Together;Right Where I Want You;REPLACEMELifelink Gadget		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	19	C		Equipped creature has lifelink.
Equip 2			token	VRD		!related Agent of Justiciar;Codename High Life<2>;Sir Hogginsworth, Quartermaster;Codename Viridian;Back in Action;REPLACEMEReach Gadget		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	24	C		Equipped creature has reach.
Equip 2			token	VRD		!related Apparatus Operator;Steelbane Sniper;Codename Viridian;REPLACEMETrample Gadget		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	25	C		Equipped creature has trample.
Equip 2			token	VRD		!related Codename Heavy Hitter<4>;Sprocketed Brawler;Codename Viridian;REPLACEMENightmare Sliver	G	common	Token Creature — Nightmare Sliver 	10	G			1/1		token	VRD		!related Enigmatic Progenitor;REPLACEMENinja	G	common	Token Creature — Ninja 	11	G			2/2		token	VRD		!related Iroshi, Blade of the Old Ways;REPLACEMEDeathtouch Gadget		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	12	C		Equipped creature has deathtouch.
Equip 2			token	VRD		!related Stoneglare Agent;REPLACEMEBlack Spy	B	uncommon	Creature — Human Soldier 	82	B	1B	When this creature enters, create a first strike Gadget, then attach it to this creature. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)
Enchanted creatures and equipped creatures you control have hexproof from white.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEGutter Slosher	G	uncommon	Creature — Nightmare Ooze 	177	G	2GG	Haste
Whenever another Nightmare you control enters, you may choose one —
• Gutter Slosher becomes a copy of that creature until end of turn.
• That creature becomes a copy of Gutter Slosher until end of turn.	3/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMELaboratory Maniac	U	uncommon	Creature — Human Wizard 	62	U	2U	If you would draw a card while your library has no cards in it, you win the game instead.	2/2		normal	VRD		ReprintsREPLACEMESoldier	W	common	Token Creature — Soldier 	4	W			1/1		token	VRD		!related Codename: High Life<2>;Justiciar Headquarters;REPLACEMEArtifact Minion		common	Token Artifact Creature — Minion 	22	C			1/1		token	VRD		!exportname Artifact Minion
!related Clockwork Conquerer;Perspicacity;REPLACEMEEscaped Subject	G	uncommon	Creature — Nightmare Serpent 	173	WUBRG	2G	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
T: Add one mana of any color.
WUBRG: Draw two cards. Put two +1/+1 counters on this creature. Activate only as a sorcery and only if you’re in your endgame.	1/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEEvil Plan		common	Token — Reminder	2	C		You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of spells exiled in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.			token	VRD		!related Political Puppeteer;Ancestral Scheme;Conniving Spy;Two Heads Are Better;Electrocurion Assistant;It All Comes Together;Scheming Sphinx;Scuttling Underling;The World Aligns to My Whims;Ambitious Villain;Bloodline Schemer;Boss’s Favorites;Evil Scheme;Goon Squad;Grimblood’s Mastermind;Hugo’s Watcher;Smirk, Darkhand’s Favored;Therese Grimblood;Ace in the Hole;Brawl Instigator;Doomsday Device;Full House;Brutal Butcher;Too Little, Too Late;Torch Twirler;Flourishing Evil;Lair Butler;Mana Smuggler;Snakewood’s Summons;Talented Dealer;Schemer of Ancient Ways;Within My Grasp;Arcane Catalyst;Lair Assistant;Soul Tower;Benthic Bunker;Biomancer’s Workshop;Decadent Lobby;Glacial Base;Inconspicuous Volcano;Cultist’s Compound;Midnight Square;Penthouse Office;Polar Facility;Underground Lab;REPLACEMEEndgame		common	Token — Reminder	1	C		If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your Endgame for the rest of the game.			token	VRD		!related Awoken Arbiter;Bankbuster Heavy;Bodyguard Bruisers;Citystalker Moth;Confronter of Evil;Awoken Thunderer;Frightborn Skyshark;Path to Domination;Awoken Corruptor;Crooked Politician;Soulsucker;Torment Nexus;Tough Customer;Unkillable Henchman;Awoken Whelp;Disposable Mook;Gearheart Baron;Omnatog;Rogue’s Palace Bouncer;Awoken Ravager;Escaped Subject;Night Drudger;Evelyn Snakewood, Dark Druid;Monument to Vanity;Taranka’s Posse;Annihilator Suit;Electric Goon;Execution Table;Prototype Jetmobile;REPLACEMEMelee Gadget		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	20	C		Equipped creature has melee. (Whenever that creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
Equip 2			token	VRD		!related The Head of Communications;REPLACEMEBack in Action	W	rare	Sorcery	5	W	2W	Return target permanent card with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Draw a card.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEFreezefire Corps	UR	rare	Creature — Human Wizard 	206	UR	UR	Prowess (Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, this creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.)
Whenever this creature attacks, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn. It costs 2 less to cast.	2/2		normal	VRD		Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, create a Prowess Gadget attached to !Freezefire Corps. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability. Multiple instances of Prowess trigger separately.)
Draw three cards.
As long as an opponent lost 4 or more life this turn, you may cast !Justiciar Reconnaissance from your graveyard. If you cast !Justiciar Reconnaissance this way and it would be put into your graveyard, exile it instead.REPLACEMEDreamreaper	B	rare	Creature — Nightmare Specter 	92	B	1BB	Flying
Whenever this creature deals damage to a player, that player discards a card.
Whenever an opponent discards one or more cards, create a 1/1 black Nightmare creature token.	1/3		normal	VRD		REPLACEMECalamity's Cohort	WR	mythic	Creature — Fox Rogue 	201	WR	RW	Lifelink, haste
Whenever this creature attacks, exile the top card of defending player’s library. You may cast that card for as long as it remains exiled, and you may spend mana as though it were mana of any color to cast that spell. Spend only mana from artifacts to cast that spell.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEAgent 107	G	rare	Legendary Artifact Creature — Rogue 	161	G	1GG	Whenever you cast a spell that targets Agent 107, draw a card.
Whenever Agent 107 attacks, if you’ve cast three or more spells that targeted him this turn, return up to three target cards from your graveyard to your hand.	2/2		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEVigilance Gadget		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	26	C		Equipped creature has vigilance.
Equip 2			token	VRD		!related Frank Atran, Augmented Agent;REPLACEMEBiomancer's Workshop		common	Land	256	WG		This land enters tapped. When it enters, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
T: Add G or W.			normal	VRD		!landslotREPLACEMEMidnight Square		common	Land	264	WU		This land enters tapped. When it enters, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
T: Add W or U.			normal	VRD		!landslotREPLACEMECultist's Compound		common	Land	257	WB		This land enters tapped. When it enters, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
T: Add W or B.			normal	VRD		!landslotREPLACEMEInconspicuous Volcano		common	Land	261	RG		This land enters tapped. When it enters, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
T: Add R or G.			normal	VRD		!landslotREPLACEMEGlacial Base		common	Land	260	UB		This land enters tapped. When it enters, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
T: Add U or B.			normal	VRD		!landslotREPLACEMEViridian's Trusty Sidearm		rare	Legendary Artifact — Equipment 	253	C	2	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
Equipped creature gets +2/+0.
Sacrifice this artifact: Equipped creature gains indestructible until end of turn. If you’re in your endgame, draw a card.
Equip 1			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEDecadent Lobby		common	Land	259	BR		This land enters tapped. When it enters, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
T: Add B or R.			normal	VRD		!landslotREPLACEMEUnderground Lab		common	Land	271	BG		This land enters tapped. When it enters, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
T: Add B or G.			normal	VRD		!landslotREPLACEMEBenthic Bunker		common	Land	255	UG		This land enters tapped. When it enters, add the top card of your library to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)
T: Add G or U.			normal	VRD		!landslotREPLACEMEThunderbrain Labs		rare	Land	270	U		This land enters tapped unless you control two or more basic Islands.
T: Add U.
UU, T: Create a token that’s a copy of target artifact token you control. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	VRD		RC03: constructed-oriented land
The Rogue’s Palace enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or more other lands that could produce R.
T: Add R.
RR, T, Discard your hand: Draw a card.
All on red.
LairREPLACEMEJusticiar Headquarters		rare	Land	262	W		This land enters tapped unless you control two or more basic Plains.
T: Add W.
WW, T: Create a 1/1 white Soldier creature token. Activate only if you’ve attacked this turn.			normal	VRD		RC03: constructed-oriented land
The Rogue’s Palace enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or more other lands that could produce R.
T: Add R.
RR, T, Discard your hand: Draw a card.
All on red.
LairREPLACEMETrouble Brewing	U	common	Instant	75	U	3U	Choose one —
• Tap up to two target creatures. Those creatures don’t untap during their controller’s next untap step.
• Draw two cards, then add a card from your hand to your evil plan. (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)			normal	VRD		REPLACEMESewer Orgg	R	uncommon	Creature — Nightmare Orgg 	152	R	3RR	Trample
This creature can’t attack or block unless you pay 3 or sacrifice a nonland permanent.	7/7		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	272	C					normal	VRD		REPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	273	C					normal	VRD		REPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	276	C					normal	VRD		REPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	275	C					normal	VRD		REPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	274	C					normal	VRD		REPLACEMESteam-Powered Steer	R	rare	Artifact Creature — Minotaur Minion 	156	R	3RR	Trample, haste
When this creature enters, it deals damage to any target equal to the amount of mana from artifacts spent to cast it.	5/4		normal	VRD		REPLACEMEShark	R	common	Token Creature — Shark 	9	R			*/*		token	VRD		!related Pit of Sharks;REPLACEMEGilded Lotus		common	Token Artifact	16	C		T: Add three mana of any one color.			token	VRD		!related Calamity Smith In The Gilded Heist;REPLACEMEPrecarious Evasion	W	common	Instant	28	W	1W	Prevent all damage that would be dealt to you this turn.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMESir Hogginsworth, Quartermaster	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Fox Artificer 	31	W	1W	When Sir Hogginsworth enters, search your library for an Equipment card, reveal it, and put it into your hand, then shuffle.
Whenever you cast an Equipment spell, choose first strike, flying, or lifelink. Create a Gadget of that type. (It’s an Equipment artifact token with equip 2 that grants that ability.)	1/2		normal	VRD		“Our latest model, cutting edge arcane technology in an inconspicuous package. Just... try not to break it this time.”REPLACEMEUncanny Likeness	U	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	77	U	U	Enchant creature
When this enchantment enters, exile target creature card with mana value less than or equal to enchanted creature’s mana value from a graveyard.
Enchanted creature is a copy of the exiled card.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEDestructive Force	R	rare	Sorcery	130	R	5RR	Each player sacrifices five lands. Destructive Force deals 5 damage to each creature.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMELucas Locke, Paranormal Sleuth	WB	rare	Legendary Creature — Human Rogue 	214	WB	2WB	When Lucas Locke enters, exile up to one other target nonland permanent until Lucas Locke leaves the battlefield. Then, that permanent’s controller reveals their hand and you choose a nonland card from it. Exile that card until Lucas Locke leaves the battlefield.	3/3		normal	VRD		RX03: flex slotREPLACEMEMonument to Vanity	BR	uncommon	Artifact	215	BR	2BR	Endgame (If you control eight or more tapped permanents, enter your endgame for the rest of the game.)
T: Add BR.
Whenever you tap this artifact for mana, if you’re in your endgame, exile the top card of your library. You may play that card this turn.			normal	VRD		!New HorizonsREPLACEMEMana Rig		common	Artifact	236	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.
Whenever you tap this artifact for mana, each opponent loses 1 life.			normal	VRD		REPLACEMEThe World Is Not Enough	U	rare	Sorcery	80	U	7U	Target opponent shuffles their library, then exiles the top X cards, where X is the number of spells you’ve cast this turn. You may cast spells exiled this way without paying their mana costs.
U, Discard this card: Add the top card of your library to your evil plan (Look at it, then exile it face-down. You may pay 7 as a sorcery to cast any number of cards in your evil plan without paying their mana costs.)			normal	VRD		RU04: rare payoff card for set mechanicREPLACEMEDarkhand Enterprises		rare	Land	258	B		This land enters tapped unless you control two or more basic Swamps.
T: Add B.
BB, T: Each player discards a card. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	VRD		Darkhand Enterprises enters the battlefield tapped unless you control two or more other lands that could produce B.
T: Add B.
BB, T: Put target creature card from your graveyard on top of your library.
LairREPLACEME