Hero of Flourishing Life	G	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Dinosaur Druid 	224	G	2G	Deathtouch
Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, up to one other target creature gets +2/+1 and gains trample until end of turn.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	1/4		normal	PMD		REPLACEMERugged Endurance	B	common	Sorcery	143	B	3B	Put up to two creature cards in your graveyard and/or commanders you own in the command zone into your hand.
Bounty (As long as you’ve attacked a player who had the most life of your opponents this turn, you may cast this spell from your graveyard. Then exile it.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Blazing Will	R	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Lizard Warrior 	181	R	2R	1, T, Discard a card: Draw a card.
1, T: Target creature can’t block this turn.
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, untap this creature.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	1/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEMystery of the Relic	U	common	Sorcery	88	U	U	Draw a card.
Bounty (As long as you’ve attacked a player who had the most life of your opponents this turn, you may cast this spell from your graveyard. Then exile it.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Bold Cunning	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Turtle Rogue 	73	U	2U	Whenever you attack two or more players, target creature can’t be blocked this turn.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	3/2		normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/merkygloom/643471193088950272/dark-hillREPLACEMEEnthusiastic Scout	G	uncommon	Creature — Plant Scout 	219	G	1G	When this creature enters, survey. (Scry 2 or search for a basic land, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)
At the beginning of combat on your turn, if you control eight or more lands, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.	2/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEDischarge	R	common	Sorcery	172	R	2RR	Choose up to one target creature. Discharge deals 3 damage to each other creature.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEAll-Out Brawl	R	rare	Enchantment	160	R	3RR	Creatures you control have melee. (Whenever that creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat. Multiple instances of melee trigger separately.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEThrough the Sea of Time	G	common	Instant	254	G	1G	You and target opponent each survey. (To survey, scry 2 or search for a basic land, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)
Draw a card.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEAll for One	W	uncommon	Sorcery	2	W	2W	Each player chooses any number of creatures they control with total power 4 or less. Destroy each creature not chosen this way.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEMeeting of Explorers	G	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	238	G	3G	Enchant land
When this enchantment enters, create three 1/1 white Jackal Ranger creature tokens.
Enchanted land has “T: Add two mana in any combination of colors.”			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEBring to Justice	B	common	Sorcery	109	B	4BB	Exile target creature. Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
Bounty (As long as you’ve attacked a player who had the most life of your opponents this turn, you may cast this spell from your graveyard. Then exile it.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEEternal Oath	W	common	Instant	15	W	1W	Put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two target creatures. Those creatures gain indestructible until end of turn.			normal	PMD		https://yurano194.tumblr.comREPLACEMECrystal Crossing	R	rare	Enchantment — Expedition 	169	WUBRG	R			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
WUBRG: Draw three cards.
8+ Power B2F
At the beginning of your end step, create a Treasure token.
10+ Power B3F
Whenever you sacrifice an artifact, add one mana of any color.
12+ Power B4F
Whenever you sacrifice an artifact, it deals 4 damage to any target.	class	PMD		REPLACEMEMystifying Forest	G	uncommon	Enchantment — Expedition 	241	G	1G			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
When this enchantment enters, survey. (Scry 2 or search for a basic land, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)
2+ Power B2F
At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature gains vigilance and trample until end of turn.
8+ Power B3F
At the beginning of combat on your turn, target creature gets +3/+3 until end of turn.	class	PMD		REPLACEMEDrilbur Coal Mine	B	uncommon	Enchantment — Expedition 	125	B	1B			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
At the beginning of your upkeep, mill a card.
4+ Power B2F
When you reach B2F, each opponent discards a card.
6+ Power B3F
When you reach B3F, destroy target creature.
10+ Power B4F
When you reach B4F, put target creature card from a graveyard onto the battlefield under your control.
	class	PMD		REPLACEMEDimensional Scream	B	common	Instant	123	B	3BB	You lose 3 life. Choose three. You may choose the same mode more than once.
• Return target creature card from your graveyard to your hand.
• Draw a card.			normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/manic-yunREPLACEMEBuried Relic	W	rare	Enchantment — Expedition 	9	W	1W			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
Artifact spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.
5+ Power B2F
When you reach B2F, search your library for an artifact card, reveal it, and put it into your hand, then shuffle.
12+ Power B3F
Noncreature artifacts you control are Golem artifact creatures and base power and toughness 5/5.	class	PMD		REPLACEMEVast Ice Mountain	B	mythic	Enchantment — Expedition 	155	B	2BB			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
When this enchantment enters, each player sacrifices two creatures.
4+ Power 2F
Whenever a creature dies, each opponent loses 1 life.
6+ Power 3F
Whenever a creature you control dies, each opponent sacrifices a creature.
12+ Power 4F
When you reach 4F, return up to three creature cards from your graveyard to the battlefield.	class	PMD		REPLACEMEMount Thunder	W	uncommon	Enchantment — Expedition 	31	W	1W			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
At the beginning of your end step, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature that attacked this turn.
5+ Power 2F
When you reach 2F, target creature gains flying and double strike until end of turn. Untap it.
12+ Power 3F
When you reach 3F, create an 8/8 white Elemental Bird creature token with flying.	class	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/citruscantusREPLACEMECharge Beam	R	common	Instant	166	R	2R	Charge Beam deals 5 damage to target creature and X damage to that creature’s controller, where X is the number of artifacts you control.			normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/theceoofdeath/art/POKEMON-MYSTERY-DUNGEON-43327428REPLACEMEApple Woods	G	rare	Enchantment — Expedition 	210	G	1G			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
When this enchantment enters, create two Food tokens. (They’re artifacts with “2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.”)
3+ Power B2F
Whenever an artifact is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, create a 1/1 green Insect creature token.
8+ Power B3F
Whenever an artifact is put into your graveyard from the battlefield, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.	class	PMD		REPLACEMEDitzy Bartender	W	common	Creature — Bear Citizen 	11	W	3W	Lifelink
When this creature enters, put a +1/+1 counter on each of up to two other target creatures you control.	2/3		normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/citrispaceREPLACEMEBlizzard Island	U	uncommon	Enchantment — Expedition 	58	U	2U			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
Noncreature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.
3+ Power B2F
3U: Draw a card.
8+ Power B3F
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, you may pay 3. If you do, copy that spell. You may choose new targets for the copy.	class	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Thunderous Defiance	W	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Mouse Warrior 	25	W	2W	Vigilance
1, T: Another target creature gains protection from creatures until ends of turn. (This creature can’t be blocked, targeted or dealt damage by creatures until ends of turn.)
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	4/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEMerchant Caravan	W	common	Creature — Horse Scout 	29	W	2W	Vigilance
Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.	2/1		normal	PMD		=REPLACEMEHero of Gilded Trickery	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Cat Rogue 	129	B	3B	When this creature enters, create a Treasure token.
Creatures you control enter the battlefield with an additional +1/+1 counter on them for each mana from a Treasure spent to cast them.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	4/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Incendiary Unity	R	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Mouse Shaman 	184	R	2R	At the beginning of your end step, if you attacked this turn, create an X/X red Elemental Wall creature token, where X is the number of creatures you attacked with this turn. It has defender, reach, and “At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice this creature.”
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	3/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Furtive Might	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Crocodile Warrior 	77	U	4U	Whenever this creature attacks, tap up to one target creature defending player controls and goad it. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)
Goaded creatures attacking your opponents get +1/+0.
Partner	4/4		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Eager Spirit	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Salamander Ranger 	75	U	1U	This creature can’t be blocked.
2: Return target permanent you control to its owner’s hand. Activate only during your turn.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	2/1		normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/digitalsnailREPLACEMEHero of Intrepid Aspiration	R	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Bird Warrior 	185	R	3R	Whenever one or more counters are put on a creature you control, it deals that much damage to target opponent.
R: If this creature has a counter on it, it gains flying until end of turn.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	2/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Verdant Guile	G	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Lizard Rogue 	229	G	1G	T: Untap target land.
At the beginning of your end step, untap this creature.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	2/2		normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/thatonefrogxd/704375038902779904/a-lil-gift-for-a-friendREPLACEMEHero of Courageous Aura	W	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Jackal Warrior 	22	W	1W	Whenever you attack two or more players, you may return target Aura card from your graveyard to the battlefield.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	3/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Fierce Nobility	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Bird Noble 	76	U	2U	1, T: Draw a card, then discard a card. If you discarded a nonland card this way, goad up to one target creature. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	2/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Covetous Impulse	R	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Monkey Rogue 	182	R	1R	At the beginning of each end step, if an artifact entered the battlefield under your control this turn, exile the top card of your library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play that card.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	2/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Radiant Growth	G	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Turtle Druid 	226	G	3G	Once during each of your turns, you may play a permanent card from your graveyard.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	2/4		normal	PMD		https://www.zerochan.net/PurplekecleonREPLACEMEHero of Fearsome Wilds	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Snake Rogue 	127	B	2B	This creature gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard.
Discard a creature card: This creature gains menace until end of turn.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	1/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Daring Guardianship	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Otter Knight 	74	U	1U	Ward 2
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, create a colorless Equipment artifact token named Scalchop with “Equipped creature gets +1/+1.” and equip 1.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	2/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Untamed Strength	G	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Elephant Warrior 	227	G	3G	Trample
Whenever this creature attacks, you may pay XXG. If you do, other creatures you control get +X/+X and gain trample until end of turn.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	4/4		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Strange Magics	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Fox Wizard 	130	B	1B	Lifelink
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	2/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Subtle Mischief	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Frog Rogue 	131	B	5B	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature you control that attacked this turn. (This counts only creatures still in play.)
When this creature enters, you draw two cards and lose 2 life.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	3/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Girded Leadership	G	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Squirrel Knight 	225	G	1G	Trample
Whenever you cast a spell that targets a creature, you may put a +1/+1 counter on that creature.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	2/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Odd Imagination	U	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Bird Wizard 	78	U	U	Whenever you scry, tap up to one target creature.
Whenever you draw a card, if it’s not your draw step, put a +1/+1 counter on up to one other target creature.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	0/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Sparking Soul	R	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Cat Shaman 	186	R	2R	Menace
Whenever you discard one or more cards, goad up to one target creature. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	3/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Ghostly Communion	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Fox Warlock 	128	B	2B	At the beginning of your end step, return up to one target creature card with mana value X or less from your graveyard to the battlefield, where X is the total number of cards you’ve drawn and discarded this turn.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	2/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEPower of Evolution	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	36	W	3W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +4/+4.
Cycling 3 (3, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle this card, put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEParting	B	common	Instant	141	B	1BB	Exile target creature.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEMend Wounds	W	common	Sorcery	28	W	1W	Choose a creature card in your graveyard or a commander you own in the command zone. If its mana value is 3 or less or it was put there from the battlefield this turn, put it onto the battlefield.
Bounty (As long as you’ve attacked a player who had the most life of your opponents this turn, you may cast this spell from your graveyard. Then exile it.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEDungeoneer Guide	W	common	Creature — Faerie Scout 	12	W	3W	Flying
When this creature enters, you and target opponent each draw a card.
Whenever this creature attacks, target creature gains flying until end of turn.	3/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMERoughousing Whelp	R	common	Creature — Dragon Rogue 	200	R	3R	Menace
When this creature enters, goad target creature. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)	4/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEDark Crater	B	rare	Enchantment — Expedition 	117	B	B			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
Players can’t gain life.
3+ Power B2F
At the beginning of each player’s upkeep, that player loses 2 life unless they discard a card.
3+ Power B3F
At the beginning of each player’s upkeep, that player loses 2 life unless they sacrifice a creature.
12+ Power B4F
At the beginning of each end step, each player loses life equal to the life they lost this turn.	class	PMD		https://noenoeh.tumblr.com/post/176025299187/here-is-my-final-piece-for-the-pkmguildzine-iREPLACEMECrystal Formation		common	Artifact	288	C	2	This artifact enters tapped. As it enters, choose a color.
T: Add one mana of the chosen color.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHowl	R	common	Instant	188	R	R	Goad up to one target creature. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)
Draw a card.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMETemporal Struggle	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	98	U	1U	Enchant non-commander creature
When this enchantment enters, tap enchanted creature.
Enchanted creature doesn’t untap during its controller’s untap step.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEAura Sphere	R	uncommon	Instant	162	R	1R	Aura Sphere deals 3 damage to up to one target creature. Attach up to one Aura you control to another permanent or player that Aura could enchant.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEDroning Study	U	common	Sorcery	66	U	2U	Draw two cards.
Goad up to one target creature. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEDraconic Veteran	B	common	Creature — Dragon Warrior 	124	B	5BB	Flying
When this creature enters, each opponent loses life equal to the amount of mana from Treasure spent to cast it.
Cycling 3 (3, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle this card, create a Treasure token.	4/6		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEYveltal of the Voidlands	BR	rare	Legendary Creature — Elder Bird Horror 	283	BR	3BR	Flying, trample
Ward—Choose a nontoken creature you control. It becomes an artifact. (It’s no longer a creature. It still has its abilities.)
When Yveltal enters, each other creature you control becomes an artifact.	9/7		normal	PMD		REPLACEMESky Tower	W	mythic	Enchantment — Expedition 	45	W	1W			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
When this enchantment enters, put a flying counter on each of up to two target creatures you control.
4+ Power 2F
Creatures you control with flying get +1/+1.
12+ Power 3F
When you reach 3F, search your library for a creature card with flying and put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	class	PMD		REPLACEMETree of Life		mythic	Enchantment Land — Forest Expedition 	317	G				(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
(T: Add G.)
This land enters tapped.
7+ Power 2F
T: Add G for each creature you control.
20+ Power 3F
XGG: Reveal cards from the top of your library until you reveal a creature card with mana value X. Put that card onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.	class	PMD		https://twitter.com/wulierrrREPLACEMEGlacier Palace	R	mythic	Enchantment — Expedition 	179	R	1R			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
Whenever you goad a creature, it gets +2/+2 until your next turn.
5+ Power 2F
Whenever you goad a creature, if it’s your turn, gain control of it. Untap it. It gains haste until end of turn.
15+ Power 3F
At the beginning of combat on your turn, for each opponent, goad up to one target creature that player controls.	class	PMD		REPLACEMEDialga's Fight to the Finish	U	rare	Sorcery	65	U	3U	Return all commanders you don’t control to their owners’ hands. You may reverse the game’s turn order. (For example, if play had proceeded clockwise around the table, it now goes counterclockwise.)
Exile Dialga’s Fight to the Finish.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEBoon of the Wish-Giver	U	common	Sorcery	59	U	4UU	Draw four cards.
Cycling 1 (1, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	PMD		Reprint
https://www.deviantart.com/salanchu/galleryREPLACEMEStar Cave	U	rare	Enchantment — Expedition 	94	U	3U			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
Whenever (After) you scry, draw a card.
5+ Power B2F
At the beginning of your upkeep, scry 1.
5+ Power B3F
At the beginning of your end step, scry 1.
5+ Power B4F
When you reach B4F, put a card you own from outside the game into your hand.	class	PMD		REPLACEMESkittering Plunderer	B	common	Creature — Scorpion Rogue 	146	B	2B	Deathtouch
When this creature enters, create a Treasure token. Each opponent may create a Treasure token. For each opponent who did, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	1/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEIcy Trickster	U	common	Creature — Cat Rogue 	80	U	2U	Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
When this creature enters, tap up to one target creature and put a stun counter on it.	1/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMERescue Headquarters		common	Land	314	C		T: Add C.
T: Add one mana of any color. If you don’t control a commander, spend this mana only to cast commander spells.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHelpless Grub	G	common	Creature — Insect 	223	G	G	T: Add one mana of any color.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	0/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEAll Turned Around	U	common	Instant	53	U	1U	Tap up to one target creature and put two stun counters on it. Goad up to one other target creature. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEGuild Cuisinier	W	common	Creature — Beast Druid 	20	W	1W	When this creature enters, create a Food token. (It’s an artifact with “2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.”)
2, T: Tap target creature.	1/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEBehold the Sunrise	W	rare	Instant	5	W	W	Target player can’t lose the game this turn and their opponents can’t win the game this turn. Until end of turn, damage that would reduce their life total to less than 1 reduces it to 1 instead.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Draconic Bravery	W	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Dragon Knight 	23	W	3W	At the beginning of each end step, if you created a token this turn, survey. (Scry 2 or search for a basic land, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	4/4		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEAbrupt Awakening	R	uncommon	Sorcery	157	R	2RR	Creatures target player controls can’t block this turn. Goad each of them. (Until your next turn, they attacks each combat if able and attack a player other than you if able.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEJourney to the Hidden Land	G	rare	Sorcery	233	G	3G	There is an additional beginning phase after this phase, followed by an additional main phase. You may play an additional land this turn. (The beginning phase includes the untap, upkeep, and draw steps.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEA Storm at Sea	U	common	Instant	95	U	2U	Return up to two target nonland permanents to their owners’ hands.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEJirachi, the Wishmaker	WU	rare	Legendary Artifact Creature — Spirit 	270	WU	2WU	Flying
Whenever you scry, you may cast a spell you own from outside the game with mana value X or less without paying its mana cost, where X is the number of cards looked at while scrying this way. Do this only once each turn. (In draft, all cards you drafted that are not in your deck are owned by you outside the game.)	3/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEPrimal Dialga, the End of Time	UB	mythic	Legendary Artifact Creature — Elder Dragon 	278	UB	5UB	Menace, ward 3
At the beginning of each player’s first upkeep each turn, that player gets two additional upkeep steps after this step.
At the beginning of each opponent’s upkeep, that player loses 1 life.	9/9		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEThe Bittercold	U	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elemental Incarnation 	57	U	2UU	Flying, defender
Whenever you put one or more stun counters on a permanent, if it’s tapped, gain control of it for as long as it remains tapped.
You may attack with tapped creatures as though they were untapped.	2/5		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEDark Matter	B	mythic	Legendary Creature — Nightmare Incarnation 	118	B	BBBB	Whenever you cast a black spell, create a 2/2 black Nightmare creature token with “When this creature dies, mill cards until you mill a black card.”
You may cast this card from your graveyard by exiling five black cards from your graveyard in addition to paying its other costs.	5/5		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEExpedition Rally	W	common	Sorcery	16	W	2W	Create two 1/1 white Jackal Ranger creature tokens.
Bounty (As long as you’ve attacked a player who had the most life of your opponents this turn, you may cast this spell from your graveyard. Then exile it.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEMew, Thousand-Faced Hero	WU	mythic	Legendary Creature — Cat Avatar 	274	WU	WU	Flying, lifelink
XWU: Search your library and/or cards you own in the command zone for a legendary creature card with mana value X or less and put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle. When a creature is put onto the battlefield this way, return Mew to the battlefield merged under it. Activate only as a sorcery and only if Mew is in your graveyard. (While merged, it has Mew’s abilities.)	1/1		normal	PMD		https://twitter.com/Wolfaroonii/status/1784383293258940702REPLACEMELeyline Breakthrough	U	uncommon	Instant	85	U	3UU	Discard your hand, then draw five cards.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHydreigon, the Voice of Life	WG	mythic	Legendary Creature — Dragon Incarnation 	269	WG	3GW	Flying, protection from Nightmares
At the beginning of your upkeep, look at the top six cards of your library. You may reveal a creature card with partner from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.
Whenever a creature you control with partner dies, you gain life equal to its power.	4/4		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEMemories Returned	B	uncommon	Instant	138	B	XB	As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile X cards from your graveyard.
Target player draws X cards and loses X life.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEAura Bolt	W	common	Instant	3	W	1W	Tap up to two target creatures. Put a stun counter on one of them. (If a permanent with a stun counter would become untapped, remove one from it instead.)
Create a 1/1 white Jackal Ranger creature token.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEDarkrai, Waking Nightmare	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Nightmare  	120	B	4B	At the beginning of your end step, exile the top card of each opponent’s library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play those cards.
You may spend black mana as though it were mana of any color.	5/5		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEScholar of the Sun	W	uncommon	Creature — Fox Advisor 	42	W	2W	When this creature enters, create a colorless Entercard artifact token with “2, T: Scry 1.”
Whenever an Entercard you control becomes tapped, up to one target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	3/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEScholar of the Moon	B	uncommon	Creature — Fox Advisor 	144	B	1B	When this creature enters, create a colorless Entercard artifact token with “2, T: Scry 1.”
Whenever an Entercard you control becomes tapped, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	2/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMENuzleaf, Servant of Dark Matter	BG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Plant Shaman 	277	BG	3BG	When Nuzleaf enters, look at the top four cards of your library. Put one of them into your hand and the rest into your graveyard.
Whenever one or more cards leave your graveyard, create a 1/1 black Alien creature token with flying and “T: Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.”	3/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEVengeful Shopkeeper	R	uncommon	Creature — Lizard Citizen 	205	R	2R	Defender
Whenever you’re dealt damage by one or more creatures an opponent controls, put five +1/+1 counters on this creature. Until the end of your next turn, it loses defender and attacks that player each combat if able.	1/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMETearful Reunion	R	uncommon	Sorcery	202	R	1R	Put a commander you own from the command zone into your hand. Add RR.
Bounty (As long as you’ve attacked a player who had the most life of your opponents this turn, you may cast this spell from your graveyard. Then exile it.)
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMESandstorm Historian	U	common	Creature — Lizard Wizard 	91	U	1U	4, T: Survey. (Scry 2 or search for a basic land, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	1/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMERayquaza, Lord of the Sky	W	mythic	Legendary Creature — Elder Dragon 	40	W	8WW	This spell costs 2 less to cast for each creature you control with flying.
Flying, vigilance
When this creature enters, destroy target nonland permanent.	8/8		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHarmony Scarf		mythic	Artifact — Equipment 	296	C	2	When this artifact enters, if it isn’t a token, create a token that’s a copy of it.
3: Each creature you control that has a permanent named Harmony Scarf attached to it has base power and toughness 8/8 until end of turn.
Equip 4
Equip commander 1			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEVirizion, the Solitary Sword	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Elk Knight 	256	G	1GG	Vigilance, trample
Whenever a creature you control attacks alone, untap it and put a +1/+1 counter on it. Until end of turn, it gains trample and “Whenever this creature deals damage to an opponent, it deals that much damage to any number of other opponents.”	4/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMESeek Paradise	G	common	Sorcery	247	G	2G	Search your library for a basic land card, put that card onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.
Survey. (Scry 2 or search for a basic land, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEEmolga, Impetuous Ally	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Squirrel Warrior 	175	R	2R	Flying, haste
When this creature enters, create Dunsparce, Faithful Friend, a legendary 1/1 white Snake Scout creature token with “ T: Target creature can’t block this turn.”
Whenever this creature attacks, you may discard your hand. If you do, draw a card for each token you control.	2/2		normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/verbeia
marinecrysREPLACEMENinetales, Bearer of Curses	UB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Fox Warlock 	276	UB	1UB	Whenever an opponent attacks, if you’re a defending player, you may exile an instant or sorcery card from your graveyard. If you do, create a black Aura enchantment token with enchant opponent attached to that player with “At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life.”	2/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEChatot, Chattering Sycophant	WU	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Bird Advisor 	264	WU	WU	Flying
Whenever you draw your second card each turn, goad up to one target creature. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)
Whenever one or more creatures attack, you may have target attacking creature get +1/+1 and gain flying until end of turn.	1/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEDrowzee, Somnovorous Outlaw	BR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Tapir Rogue 	266	BR	XBR	When Drowzee enters, for each mana from a Treasure spent to cast it, exile the top card of target player’s library with a dream counter on it.
3, Discard a card: Exile the top card of target player’s library with a dream counter on it.
You may play cards with dream counters on them from exile.	3/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEAmpharos, the Dashing Wanderer	RG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Beast Ranger 	262	RG	RG	Whenever you discard a card, you may add RG and may exile that card from your graveyard. If you do, you may play that card this turn. Do this only once each turn.	2/2		normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/imdanukiREPLACEMEGuildmaster Wigglytuff	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Rabbit Advisor 	21	W	2W	At the beginning of your upkeep, create a 1/1 white Jackal Ranger creature token.
Whenever you advance to an Expedition’s next floor, put a +1/+1 counter on each creature you control.	3/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEMunna, Doomspeaker	WB	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Spirit Warlock 	275	WB	1WB	Flying, deathtouch, lifelink
Whenever Munna attacks, you may sacrifice a creature or remove a counter from a permanent you control. If you do, you draw a card and each player loses 2 life.	2/3		normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/eldragon-xREPLACEMEXatu, Grand Seer	UG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Bird Wizard 	282	UG	1GU	Flying
Whenever you cast a creature spell, survey. (Scry 2 or search for a basic land, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)
Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, look at the top card of your library. If it’s a creature card, you may reveal it and put it into your hand.	1/4		normal	PMD		https://www.etsy.com/shop/Saskle?ref=l2-about-shopnameREPLACEMEAlakazam, Ranger of Renown	UR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Fox Wizard Ranger 	261	UR	2UR	Whenever a goaded creature deals combat damage to one of your opponents, exile the top card of that player’s library. Until the end of your next turn, you may play that card and mana of any type can be spent to cast it.
Whenever you play a land or cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, goad up to one target creature.	4/4		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Furious Force	R	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Boar Warrior 	183	R	3R	Trample, haste
Whenever another creature you control attacks, put a +1/+1 counter on it if its power is 4 or greater. (You may check after any other attack triggers.)
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	4/4		normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/flavia-elric/art/Adventure-Log-zine-page-970604446REPLACEMEHero of Undaunted Discovery	W	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Giant Ranger 	27	W	2W	Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature. Until end of turn, prevent all damage that would be dealt to that creature.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	1/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Tranquil Plenitude	W	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Bear Cleric 	26	W	3W	If you would put one or more counters on a permanent, you may put that many plus one of each of those kinds of counters on that permanent instead.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	2/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Eternal Bonds	W	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Cat Cleric 	24	W	1W	At the beginning of your end step, exile up to one target creature that attacked this turn, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	1/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Dreaded Night	B	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Dinosaur Warrior 	126	B	1B	Whenever one or more cards leave your graveyard, create a colorless artifact token named Bone Club. It has “Equipped creature gets +1/+0 and has menace.” and equip 2.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	2/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEDusknoir, the Betrayer	UB	rare	Legendary Creature — Spirit Warlock 	267	UB	2UB	Goblins you control have deathtouch.
Whenever you cast a spell, if it’s not your main phase, create a 1/1 red Goblin creature token with melee and “This creature can’t block.” (Whenever it attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)	3/5		normal	PMD		REPLACEMELopunny of Team Charm	RG	rare	Legendary Creature — Rabbit Ranger 	272	WUBRG	3RG	At the beginning of each end step, if you’ve spent WUBRG this turn, choose one —
• Create Medicham, a 3/3 white and green Monk legendary creature token with vigilance and “T: Add three mana of different colors.”
• Create Gardevoir, a 3/3 blue and red Faerie legendary creature token with vigilance and “T: Draw a card.”	5/5		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEKeldeo, Intrepid Soul	UR	rare	Legendary Creature — Unicorn Knight 	271	UR	1UR	Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
Whenever you cast an instant spell with mana value less than or equal to the number of attacking creatures you control, copy it. You may choose new targets for the copy.	2/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEAbsol, Doomsday Messenger	WB	rare	Legendary Creature — Beast Scout 	260	WB	WB	First strike
At the beginning of each end step, if a creature died this turn, each opponent loses 2 life. If two or more creatures died this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. If three or more creatures died this turn, draw a card.	2/2		normal	PMD		https://pitchblackespresso.tumblr.com/post/736950597606064128/anyone-ordered-more-pmdREPLACEMEGengar, the Selfish Master	BG	rare	Legendary Creature — Spirit Rogue 	268	BG	4BG	Flash
When Gengar enters, sacrifice another creature. When you do, draw cards equal to its power. If the sacrificed creature was legendary, you gain life equal to its toughness.	6/4		normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/kerokikka/art/The-Meanies-s-Circus-624962766REPLACEMEMawile, Expedition Archivist	WR	rare	Legendary Artifact Creature — Faerie Advisor 	273	WR	RW	Whenever you play a land or cast a spell from anywhere other than your hand, create a tapped Treasure token.
3, T, Sacrifice three other artifacts: You may cast a spell from your graveyard without paying its mana cost.	2/2		normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/realspacejunkREPLACEMEDarkrai's Scheme	B	rare	Sorcery	121	B	3BB	For each player, choose friend or foe. Each friend searches their library for a card and puts it into their hand, then shuffles. For each foe, look at that player’s hand. You choose a nonland card from it. That player discards that card.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMESplendid Origin	W	common	Instant	50	W	1W	You and target opponent each draw two cards.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEBorrowed Time	W	common	Enchantment	8	W	2W	When this enchantment enters, exile target nonland permanent an opponent controls until this enchantment leaves the battlefield.			normal	PMD		reprint
https://www.pixiv.net/en/users/137370REPLACEMEArcane Spelunker	B	common	Creature — Fox Wizard 	107	B	1B	Deathtouch
1, T, Pay 1 life: Draw a card, then discard a card.	2/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEVictory Fire	R	common	Enchantment — Aura 	207	R	2R	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+0.
When this enchantment enters, enchanted creature deals damage equal to its power to up to one target creature.			normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/supertuler/art/Victini-VS-Heatmor-200825441REPLACEMECallous Illuminator	B	common	Creature — Rabbit Scout 	110	B	1B	Flash
When this creature enters, you may discard a card. If you do, survey. (Scry 2 or search for a basic land, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	3/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMESparking Seeker	W	common	Creature — Fox Ranger 	49	W	1W	When this creature enters, put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control. Each opponent may put a +1/+1 counter on a creature they control. For each opponent who did, put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control.	1/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEErratic Inferno	R	common	Instant	176	R	R	Choose two creatures controlled by different players. Erratic Inferno deals 5 damage to one of those creatures chosen at random. Goad the other. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEIts A Monster House	G	rare	Instant	231	G	3GGG	Cast It’s A Monster House! only if you’re being attacked.
Reveal the top ten cards of your library. Put all creature cards revealed this way onto the battlefield and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	PMD		!exportname Its A Monster House
https://www.tumblr.com/uproariousscarecrowREPLACEMESoulstoke Channeler	B	common	Creature — Dinosaur Shaman 	148	B	2B	As this creature enters, choose creature cards or instant and sorcery cards. It enters the battlefield with a +1/+1 counter on it for each card of the chosen types in your graveyard.	1/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEGoblin Gem-Boss	R	common	Creature — Goblin Rogue 	180	R	3RR	When this creature enters, create two 1/1 red Goblin creature tokens with melee and “This creature can’t block.” (Whenever it attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)	2/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMECrystalline Feast	R	common	Sorcery	170	R	2R	Create a Treasure token and a 1/1 red Goblin creature token with melee and “This creature can’t block.” (Whenever that creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
Bounty (As long as you’ve attacked a player who had the most life of your opponents this turn, you may cast this spell from your graveyard. Then exile it.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEMastermind Outlaw	B	common	Creature — Insect Rogue 	137	B	3B	Flying
At the beginning of your end step, if combat damage was dealt to each of your opponents this turn, you draw a card and lose 1 life.	3/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEAspect of Jealousy	U	rare	Enchantment	56	U	6U	Whenever an opponent casts an instant or sorcery spell, you may copy it. If you do, you may choose new targets for the copy.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMETemporal Tower	U	mythic	Enchantment — Expedition 	99	U	3U			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
Vanishing 3 (This enters with three time counters on it. At your upkeep, remove one. When the last is removed, sacrifice it.)
3+ Power 2F
When you reach 2F, draw three cards.
12+ Power 3F
When you reach 3F, this enchantment loses vanishing.

At the beginning of your upkeep, draw a card.
Spells you cast cost 2 less to cast.	class	PMD		REPLACEMEWelcome to the Team	U	rare	Instant	103	U	2UU	Reveal the top ten cards of your library. Starting with you, each player chooses a different card from among them. Put the chosen cards into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEArcane Stairwell		uncommon	Artifact	284	C	1	Arcane Stairwell enters tapped.
4, T: Draw two cards. You may put Arcane Stairwell into its owner’s library second from the top. Otherwise, sacrifice it. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEDiligence	G	common	Instant	217	G	G	Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature. It gains hexproof until end of turn.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMECelebi, Temporal Voyager	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Faerie 	61	U	3U	Flash
Flying
When this creature enters, create a tapped blue artifact token named Time Gear with “T: Add U.”
Untap all artifacts and creatures you control during each other player’s untap step.	2/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMESkuntank of Team Skull	B	rare	Legendary Creature — Skunk Rogue 	147	B	2B	Whenever a creature you control dies, if it had one or more +1/+1 counters on it, you may put that many +1/+1 counters on target creature.
Sacrifice a creature: Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.	2/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEQuagsire, Criminal Reformer	WG	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Salamander Advisor 	279	WG	GW	Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, create a 1/1 white Jackal Ranger creature token.
6: Creatures you control get +3/+3 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/2		normal	PMD		https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hCeaJDSRCQ&REPLACEMEGardevoir, Spirit Guide	W	rare	Legendary Creature — Spirit Faerie 	18	W	3W	Whenever you cast a noncreature spell, exile up to one other target creature you control, then return that card to the battlefield under its owner’s control.	2/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEShaymin of Sky Peak	WG	rare	Legendary Creature — Plant Beast 	280	WG	1GW	Flying, vigilance
T: Create an artifact token named Sky Gift, then target opponent gains control of it. It has “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Choose one. Sky Gift’s owner also chooses one.
• Put three +1/+1 counters on target creature.
• Draw a card. You gain 3 life.”	3/4		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEVictini, the Wind of Fortune	R	mythic	Legendary Creature — Faerie Bard 	206	R	R	Whenever you attack, roll a six-sided die.
1 | You may discard a card, then draw a card.
2 | Victini deals 3 damage to each opponent.
3 | Create a tapped Treasure token.
4 | Goad up to one target creature.
5 | Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
6 | Roll this die two additional times.	1/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEConnection Orb		rare	Artifact	287	C	5	When this artifact enters, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile five creature cards. Shuffle all noncreature cards exiled this way into your library.
At the beginning of combat on your turn, put a random creature card exiled with this artifact onto the battlefield. It gains haste. Exile it at the end of combat or if it would leave the battlefield.			normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/ffxazq/art/No-Title-566917052REPLACEMEArmaldo, Reformed Renegade	R	rare	Legendary Creature — Shrimp Rogue 	161	R	2R	Whenever a creature with mana value 1 or less you control enters, create a tapped Treasure token. If that creature wasn’t a token, put a +1/+1 counter on that creature. (Treasure is an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)	4/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEThe Relic Fragment		rare	Legendary Artifact	304	C	2	T: Add C.
If you would put one or more cards on the bottom of your library while scrying, exile those cards face-down instead.
8, T, Sacrifice The Relic Fragment: Put all cards exiled with it into your hand.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEArchen, Aerial Explorer	WR	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Dinosaur Scout 	263	WR	RW	Discard a card: Archen gains flying and haste until end of turn.
Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, for each of those creatures, exile the top card of your library. You may play one of those cards this turn. When you do, shuffle the rest into your library.	3/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEOutlaw Notice Board	R	rare	Artifact	195	R	1R	1, T: Target instant or sorcery card in a graveyard gains bounty until end of turn. (As long as its owner has attacked a player who had the most life of their opponents this turn, they may cast that spell from their graveyard. If they do, exile it.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMELast-Minute Preparation	R	common	Instant	189	R	2R	As an additional cost to cast this spell, discard a card.
Survey. (Scry 2 or search for a basic land, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)
Draw a card. Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEMisleading Map	U	common	Artifact	87	U	U	When this artifact enters, survey. (Scry 2 or search for a basic land, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)
3, T, Sacrifice this artifact: Reselect which player target attacking creature is attacking. Activate only during the declare attackers step. (A goaded creature can be selected to attack the player that goaded it in this way.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEChrome Kidnapper		common	Artifact Creature — Bird Rogue 	286	C	7	Flying
When this creature enters, goad up to two target creatures. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)	4/4		normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/koriarredondoREPLACEMESeed Flare	G	uncommon	Sorcery	246	G	3GG	Choose any number —
• Destroy target artifact.
• Destroy target enchantment.
• Destroy target creature with flying.
• Target creature you control deals damage equal to its power to target creature.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMESpacial Rend	W	rare	Sorcery	48	W	3WW	Choose a number. Each player sacrifices that many creatures.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMERoar of Time	B	uncommon	Sorcery	142	B	2BB	Destroy all creatures.
End the turn.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEDungeon Lurker	G	common	Creature — Spider Rogue 	218	G	3G	Vigilance, reach
Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)	1/4		normal	PMD		REPLACEMELively Town		common	Land	311	W		This land enters tapped. As it enters, choose a color.
T: Add W or one mana of the chosen color.
Cycling 3 (3, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEParadise Sanctum		common	Land	312	G		This land enters tapped. As it enters, choose a color.
T: Add G or one mana of the chosen color.
Cycling 3 (3, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/kurtisthesnivyREPLACEMEBarren Valley		common	Land	307	B		This land enters tapped. As it enters, choose a color.
T: Add B or one mana of the chosen color.
Cycling 3 (3, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEGreat Canyon		common	Land	310	R		This land enters tapped. As it enters, choose a color.
T: Add R or one mana of the chosen color.
Cycling 3 (3, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	PMD		https://www.instagram.com/serena.dal.maso/REPLACEMEKyurem's Rampage	B	common	Instant	135	B	1B	Choose two target creatures controlled by the same player. That player sacrifices one of them. Goad the other. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMERaking Claws	R	common	Instant	199	R	1R	Target creature gains double strike until end of turn.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	PMD		ReprintREPLACEMENeutralize	U	common	Instant	89	U	1UU	Counter target spell.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	PMD		Reprint
https://www.tumblr.com/staticeventREPLACEMERainbow Stoneship		uncommon	Legendary Artifact	303	C	3	Whenever you attack, for each player you’re attacking, target creature attacking that player gains flying until end of turn.			normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/chickadoodlesREPLACEMECriminal Immolator	R	common	Creature — Dog Rogue 	168	R	4RR	When this creature enters, for each opponent, goad target creature that player controls. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)
3R: This creature gets +2/+0 and gains trample until end of turn.	5/5		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEAerial Escapist	W	uncommon	Creature — Bird Faerie Ranger 	1	W	3W	Flash
Flying
When this creature enters, exile up to one other target creature. Return that card to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.	3/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMERestock	G	uncommon	Sorcery	243	G	3GG	Return two target cards from your graveyard to your hand. Exile Restock.			normal	PMD		reprintREPLACEMEThornbite Brawler	G	common	Creature — Plant Warrior 	253	G	4G	Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
When this creature enters, up to one target creature you control fights target creature you don’t control.	3/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEFeat of Courage	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	17	W	2W	Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+2.
When this enchantment enters, up to one target creature other than enchanted creature gets +2/+2 until end of turn.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMECollectors of Shiny Objects	B	common	Creature — Cat Rogue 	111	B	4B	When this creature enters, create two Treasure tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
3B: This creature gets +4/+4 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.	4/4		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEBorderlands Tromper	W	common	Artifact Creature — Dinosaur Ranger 	7	W	2W	Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
Whenever this creature deals combat damage to a player, if that player controls more lands than you, search your library for a basic land card and put it onto the battlefield, then shuffle.	2/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEThunderous Showdown	R	rare	Enchantment	204	R	3R	When this enchantment enters, for each opponent, goad up to one target creature that player controls. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)
Whenever one or more creatures attack, you may have target attacking creature gain double strike and trample until end of turn.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEAvian Cartographer	W	common	Creature — Bird Scout 	4	W	2W	Flying
When this creature enters, each player may survey.  (To survey, scry 2 or search for a basic land, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	3/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEPilfering Pair	R	common	Creature — Spirit Raccoon Rogue 	197	R	3R	When this creature enters, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
Whenever you sacrifice a Treasure, this creature gains flying until end of turn.	3/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEKyurem, Agent of Disaster	U	rare	Legendary Creature — Elder Dragon 	83	U	4UU	Flying
When this creature enters, for each opponent, tap up to one target creature that player controls and put a stun counter on it.
Whenever you attack, proliferate. (Choose any number of permanents and/or players, then give each another counter of each kind already there.)	4/4		normal	PMD		REPLACEMENotorious Duo	B	uncommon	Creature — Elemental Bat Rogue 	140	B	1B	Flying
Whenever you sacrifice a permanent, target creature gets +1/+1 until end of turn.	2/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEChitinous Pathfinder	G	common	Creature — Insect Ranger 	215	G	4GG	This creature’s power and toughness are each equal to the number of lands you control.
When this creature enters, survey. (Scry 2 or search for a basic land, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	*/*		normal	PMD		REPLACEMELookalike Switcheroo	U	common	Instant	86	U	1U	Counter target spell. Its controller creates a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEDestiny Tower	WUBRG	mythic	Enchantment — Expedition 	265	WUBRG	WUBRG			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
When this enchantment enters, exile all creatures.
5+ Power 2F
When you reach 2F, draw five cards and create five Treasure tokens.
20+ Power 3F
When you reach 3F, create a colorless artifact token named Space Globe with “WUBRG, T, Tap an untapped commander you control: Target player loses 493 life.”	class	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/fable-amare/art/Arceus-Encounter-851583569REPLACEMEKangaskhan Rock		common	Artifact	297	C	3	At the beginning of your upkeep, you gain 1 life.
T: Add one mana of any color.			normal	PMD		You have no maximum hand size.REPLACEMEPrize Drawing	R	rare	Sorcery	198	R	3RR	Each player discards their hand, then draws cards equal to the greatest number of cards a player discarded this way.
Bounty (As long as you’ve attacked a player who had the most life of your opponents this turn, you may cast this spell from your graveyard. Then exile it.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMECraw Companion	G	common	Creature — Wurm Warrior 	216	G	4GG	Trample
When this creature enters, creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain trample until end of turn.	6/4		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEDefend Globe		uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	290	C	3	When this artifact enters, survey. (Scry 2 or search for a basic land, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)
As long as it’s your turn, prevent all damage that would be dealt to equipped creature.
Equip 2			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEMystic Deceiver	B	uncommon	Creature — Cat Wizard 	139	B	4B	Flash
Deathtouch
Whenever you cast a spell, if it isn’t your turn or you’ve cast another spell this turn, up to one target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn.	3/4		normal	PMD		REPLACEMELumbering Inn	G	common	Creature — Plant Turtle 	236	G	XGG	Trample
This creature enters with X +1/+1 counters on it.
When this creature enters, put a +1/+1 counter on each other creature you control.	0/0		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEXerneas of the Tree of Life	G	rare	Legendary Creature — Elder Elk 	259	G	4GG	Vigilance, reach, ward 2
Whenever another permanent with mana value 5 or greater you control enters, create a token that’s a copy of it. This ability triggers only once each turn.	5/8		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEEarthquake	R	uncommon	Sorcery	173	R	XR	Earthquake deals X damage to each creature without flying and each player.			normal	PMD		reprintREPLACEMESnowpass Warden	G	common	Creature — Treefolk Yeti 	250	G	5G	Reach
When this creature enters, you may mill five cards. Then, return up to one non-Yeti permanent card from your graveyard to your hand.	4/5		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEUnfettered Berserker	B	common	Creature — Spirit Ape Berserker 	154	B	4BB	Menace
When this creature enters, up to one target creature gets -X/-X until end of turn, where X is the number of creature cards in your graveyard.	6/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEMost Wanted	G	common	Enchantment — Aura 	240	G	2G	Flash
Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets +2/+1.
When enchanted creature dies, create two Treasure tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	PMD		reprintREPLACEMECinderblade Invoker	R	common	Creature — Spirit Knight 	167	R	1R	This creature has first strike as long as it’s your turn.
8: Creatures you control get +2/+0 and gain first strike until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEInfernal Parade	B	common	Sorcery	134	B	2BB	Creatures target player controls get -2/-2 until end of turn.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEChillwind Invoker	U	common	Creature — Elemental Spirit 	62	U	2U	Flying
8: Creatures you don’t control get -8/-0 until end of turn. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMESoulguide Invoker	W	common	Artifact Creature — Spirit Giant 	47	W	4W	Vigilance
8: Create three 1/1 white Spirit creature tokens with flying and “This creature can’t block.”	5/5		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEBleakwood Invoker	G	common	Creature — Treefolk Spirit 	213	G	3G	Trample
8: Untap up to two target lands. Until end of turn, they become 4/4 green Treefolk Spirit creatures with trample and haste. They’re still lands.	4/4		normal	PMD		REPLACEMECryptstone Invoker	B	common	Artifact Creature — Spirit 	115	B	3B	Menace
8: Create a token that’s a copy of target creature card in your graveyard, except it has haste. Sacrifice it at the beginning of the next end step. Activate only as a sorcery.	4/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMECommon Crook	B	common	Creature — Fox Rogue 	112	B	B	When this creature dies, up to one target creature gets -1/-1 until end of turn. Mill two cards.
3, Exile this card from your graveyard: You draw a card and lose 1 life.	1/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMETrick of the Trade	B	common	Sorcery	153	B	1B	Put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature. You draw a card and lose 1 life.
Bounty (As long as you’ve attacked a player who had the most life of your opponents this turn, you may cast this spell from your graveyard. Then exile it.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHot Springs Sage	R	common	Creature — Turtle Citizen 	187	R	1R	Reach
T: This creature deals 1 damage to each opponent.
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, untap this creature.	0/3		normal	PMD		Missions in undersea dungeons are especially perilous, due to both the environment and its residents.REPLACEMEMission Mailbox		uncommon	Artifact	299	C	2	2, T: Draw a card, then discard a card. Create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEVoracious Ooze	G	common	Creature — Ooze Rogue 	257	G	1G	Deathtouch
Whenever one or more cards leave your graveyard, put a +1/+1 counter on up to one other target creature.	2/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMENest Sentinel	W	common	Creature — Bird Warrior 	33	W	5W	Flying
Cycling 3 (3, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle this card, you  may return target permanent you control to its owner’s hand.	4/4		normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/sa-duiREPLACEMESonic Shatterer	W	common	Creature — Insect Warrior 	46	W	4W	Flying
When this creature enters, destroy up to one target artifact or enchantment.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	3/5		normal	PMD		https://ablob.tumblr.com/post/135121634812/vibrava-generates-ultrasonic-waves-by-violentlyREPLACEMEElder of the Village	W	common	Creature — Beast Citizen 	14	W	2W	When Elder of the Village dies, draw a card.	4/2		normal	PMD		ptcgREPLACEMEGrasp of the Betrayer	U	uncommon	Instant	71	U	2UU	Choose up to one target spell and up to one target creature. For each of those spells or permanents, its controller puts it on the top or bottom of its owner’s library.			normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/nebulaeyedfishREPLACEMEDefy the Legends	W	common	Instant	10	W	2W	Choose one —
• Destroy target creature with power 4 or greater.
• Creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.			normal	PMD		Blazing DefianceREPLACEMENeedlehide Scout	W	common	Creature — Hedgehog Scout 	32	W	1W	First strike
Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)	1/1		normal	PMD		https://spigu.tumblr.com/REPLACEMECanopy Scout	G	common	Creature — Spider Scout 	214	G	1G	Reach
Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, scry 1.	1/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEBreaching Bandit	U	common	Creature — Elemental Fox Rogue 	60	U	1U	This creature can’t be blocked.
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.	1/1		normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/azurelly/favourites/46430829/pokemonREPLACEMEEnigmatic Youth	U	common	Creature — Nymph 	68	U	2U	When this creature enters, scry 2, then draw a card.	1/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHAPPI Bureaucrat	U	common	Creature — Bird Advisor 	72	U	3U	Flash
Flying
When this creature enters, goad up to one target creature. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)	3/2		normal	PMD		https://bluekomadori.tumblr.com/post/120465427820REPLACEMEDefy Disappearance	B	common	Instant	122	B	B	The next time target creature would leave the battlefield this turn, instead exile it, then return it to the battlefield tapped under its owner’s control. You gain 3 life.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEStair Sense	U	common	Enchantment — Aura 	93	U	U	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can’t be blocked.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMETitanic Hero	U	common	Creature — Crocodile Ranger 	100	U	4U	Flash
This creature enters tapped.
When this creature enters, tap up to two target creatures.	5/5		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEUnity Chime	U	common	Creature — Spirit Advisor 	102	U	1U	Flying
1, T: Draw a card, then discard a card.	2/1		normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/gabe-uhh-saurus/galleryREPLACEMEScalchop Blademaster	W	uncommon	Creature — Otter Knight 	41	W	2W	Vigilance
Whenever you cast an artifact or enchantment spell, create a colorless Equipment artifact token named Scalchop with “Equipped creature gets +1/+1.” and equip 1.	2/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEStir the Swap Cauldron	B	uncommon	Sorcery	150	B	3B	Choose two target opponents. Each of those players exiles each card from the other player’s hand face down. For each of those cards, for as long as it remains exiled, the player that exiled it may look at it and play it, and mana of any type can be spent to cast it.			normal	PMD		Guild Alchemist
At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top card of target opponent’s library. That player exiles the top card of your library. For as long as those cards remain exiled, those players may play those cards and spend mana of any type to play them.REPLACEMEThrall of the Bittercold	B	common	Creature — Frog Warrior 	152	B	2B	Menace
When this creature enters, mill three cards.
This creature gets +2/+2 as long as there are six or more creature cards in your graveyard.	3/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMECutthroat Cohort	B	common	Creature — Cat Rogue 	116	B	1B	Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, until end of turn, up to one target creature that hasn’t been the target of this ability this turn gets +1/+0 and gains “When this creature dies, draw a card.”	2/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEFiery Challenger	R	common	Creature — Weasel Warrior 	178	R	3R	When this creature enters, distribute two +1/+1 counters among up to two target creatures.
Creatures with +1/+1 counters on them that are attacking your opponents have trample.	2/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMECurious Runes	R	common	Creature — Eye Spirit 	171	R	2R	When this creature enters, discard up to two cards, then draw that many cards.
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.	1/2		normal	PMD		tcg artREPLACEMEEmber Gliders	R	common	Creature — Bird Warrior 	174	R	1R	Flying, haste
This creature can’t block.
Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)	1/1		normal	PMD		https://autobottesla.tumblr.com/post/110920018763/day-282-hinoyakoma-%E3%83%92%E3%83%8E%E3%83%A4%E3%82%B3%E3%83%9E-fletchinder-theyREPLACEMELaborer of Paradise	G	common	Creature — Giant Citizen 	234	G	2G	When this creature enters, draw a card. You may play an additional land this turn.	2/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEUndergrowth Bruiser	G	common	Creature — Insect Warrior 	255	G	2G	Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
When this creature enters, you may exile a land card from your graveyard. If you do, create two 1/1 green Insect creature tokens.	1/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEEvolutionary Aspirant	G	common	Creature — Serpent Druid 	220	G	1G	Trample
5G: Put three +1/+1 counters on this creature. Draw a card. Activate only once.	2/2		normal	PMD		https://www.tumbex.com/blehcado.tumblr/post/750977641585213440REPLACEMESky Uppercut	G	common	Instant	249	G	XG	Untap up to one target creature. It gets +X/+X and gains reach and trample until end of turn.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEAmp Plains Alpha	G	common	Creature — Wolf Noble 	209	G	4G	Vigilance
When this creature enters or when you cycle this card, untap up to one target creature.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	5/5		normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/svltartREPLACEMEPower Band		common	Artifact — Equipment 	302	C	2	Equipped creature has melee. (Whenever that creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat. Multiple instances of melee trigger separately.)
Equip 1			normal	PMD		REPLACEMERadiant Aura	W	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	38	W	2W	Enchant creature
When this enchantment enters, create a 1/1 white Jackal Ranger creature token for each enchantment you control.
As long as enchanted creature is attacking, it has double strike.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEMagnagate	G	uncommon	Enchantment	237	G	1G	Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, choose one —
• Add one mana of any color.
• Put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.
• Scry 1.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEAstral Atlas		common	Artifact	285	C	1	This artifact enters tapped.
X, T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add X mana in any combination of colors.
When this artifact is put into a graveyard from the battlefield, survey. (Scry 2 or search for a basic land, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEPersonality Test	W	rare	Enchantment — Aura 	35	W	2W	Enchant opponent
At the beginning of enchanted player’s upkeep, that player chooses one. (You can ask them a question if you want, it’s more fun that way.)
• Yes — You draw a card.
• No — Spells that player casts cost 1 more to cast this turn.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEQuest Courier	W	common	Creature — Bird Scout 	37	W	W	Flying
5W: Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain vigilance until end of turn.
5W, Exile this card from your graveyard: Creatures you control get +1/+1 and gain vigilance until end of turn.	1/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMESugar Rush	B	common	Instant	151	B	1B	Target creature gets +3/+0 until end of turn.
Draw a card.			normal	PMD		reprint
https://www.deviantart.com/pumfi/art/Happy-Swirlix-400988244REPLACEMERainbows of Hope	W	rare	Instant	39	W	5WW	This spell can’t be countered.
Return all permanent cards with mana value 3 or less from your graveyard to the battlefield. Creatures you control gain indestructible until end of turn.			normal	PMD		https://twitter.com/FlyaSpring4REPLACEMEAccidental Incineration	R	common	Instant	158	R	R	Choose one —
• Accidental Incineration deals 1 damage to each of up to two target creatures.
• Destroy target artifact.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/wintermelody22/favourites/65867921/pokemon?page=6REPLACEMEFaefolk Ironwright	R	common	Creature — Gnome Artificer 	177	R	2R	Whenever an artifact you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on target creature.	2/1		normal	PMD		https://twitter.com/poqu_a_doodleREPLACEMEGang of Thieves	U	common	Creature — Ferret Weasel Raccoon Rogue 	70	U	3U	Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
Whenever you cast an instant or sorcery spell, tap up to one target creature.	2/3		normal	PMD		When it comes to heists, they won’t be long.REPLACEMEArchitect of Paradise	G	uncommon	Creature — Giant Citizen 	211	G	3G	Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
7G: Put three +1/+1 counters on target creature. Activate only as a sorcery.	4/4		normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/alliedn/614146965765242880/i-just-started-playing-gti-and-of-course-thisREPLACEMEMartial Scamp	R	uncommon	Creature — Lizard Rogue 	190	R	R	Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
This creature attacks each combat if able.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	1/1		normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/mitometaREPLACEMEShifty Capo	G	uncommon	Creature — Dryad Ranger 	248	G	2G	Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
This creature can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.
At the beginning of your upkeep, return a permanent you control to its owner’s hand.	3/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEConniving Lackey	B	uncommon	Creature — Snake Rogue 	113	B	2B	Deathtouch
When this creature enters, search your library for a card and put it into your graveyard, them shuffle.	1/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMESentry Duty	W	rare	Enchantment	43	W	1W	Whenever an opponent attacks you with one or more creatures, for each of those creatures that doesn’t have an authorization counter on it, remove it from combat and put an authorization counter on it.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMETravel Liner Pass	U	rare	Artifact	101	U	3U	Whenever you attack, look at the top five cards of your library. For each player you’re attacking, you may reveal a creature, land, or Expedition card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEWhere To Next	R	common	Sorcery	208	R	1R	Exile the top two cards of your library. You may play those cards this turn.
Bounty (As long as you’ve attacked a player who had the most life of your opponents this turn, you may cast this spell from your graveyard. Then exile it.)			normal	PMD		!exportname Where To NextREPLACEMEThundering Punks	R	common	Creature — Lizard Warrior 	203	R	4R	When this creature enters, for each opponent, choose an artifact or creature that player controls. Choose one of those permanents at random. If it’s a creature, this creature deals 4 damage to it. Otherwise, destroy it.	4/4		normal	PMD		REPLACEMECalamitous Meteor	R	rare	Artifact	165	R	R	This artifact enters with twelve time counters on it.
At the beginning of your upkeep, remove a time counter from this artifact. Then if it has no time counters on it, sacrifice it and it deals 12 damage to target player and 12 damage to each creature that player controls.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEOn the Run	R	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	194	R	1R	Enchant opponent
Whenever enchanted player is attacked, exile the top card of your library. Until your next end step, you may play that card. Each opponent attacking that player does the same.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEMew's Rebirth	W	rare	Sorcery	30	W	2WW	For each player, choose friend or foe. Each friend puts a creature card from their graveyard or a commander they own from the command zone onto the battlefield under their control. You gain protection from each foe until your next turn. (You can’t be targeted, dealt damage, or enchanted by anything each foe controls until your next turn.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHydreigon's Call	G	rare	Sorcery	230	G	4GG	For each player, choose friend or foe. Each friend puts a creature card from their hand or a commander they own from the command zone onto the battlefield. Then, for each foe, up to one creature you control fights target creature that player controls.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEDusknoir's Redemption	U	rare	Instant	67	U	2U	For each player, choose friend or foe. Each friend draws two cards, then discards a card. Each foe returns a creature they control to their hand.			normal	PMD		https://seafleece.tumblr.com/REPLACEMELaboratory Sentinel	U	rare	Artifact Creature — Robot Knight 	84	U	4UUU	Flash
When this creature enters during the declare attackers step, for each attacking creature, you may reselect which player that creature is attacking.	8/8		normal	PMD		https://www.furaffinity.net/user/ginjakninja/
It keeps watch over the last remnants of humanity, ever vigilant in a task it knows not to be fruitless.REPLACEMEScourge of the Dunes	B	common	Creature — Mongoose Berserker 	145	B	2B	Haste
Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
This creature can’t block.	3/1		normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/paperbagedheadREPLACEMESheer Mountain Range	R	uncommon	Enchantment — Expedition 	201	R	R			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
When this creature enters, create a tapped Treasure token.
3+ Power 2F
When you reach 2F, exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card.
8+ Power 3F
At the beginning of your upkeep, exile the top card of your library. Until end of turn, you may play that card.	class	PMD		https://twitter.com/AMisenra/status/1758721072294252889REPLACEMEGather the Team	W	uncommon	Sorcery	19	W	3WW	Look at the top eight cards of your library. You may put any number of creature cards with total mana value 4 or less from among them onto the battlefield. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.
Bounty (As long as you’ve attacked a player who had the most life of your opponents this turn, you may cast this spell from your graveyard. Then exile it.)			normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/lilarrin/art/PMD-Flight-653307560REPLACEMEEager Adventurer	W	uncommon	Creature — Raccoon Ranger 	13	W	1W	Whenever one or more +1/+1 counters are put on a creature you control, that creature gains lifelink until end of turn.
3W: Put a +1/+1 counter on Eager Adventurer.	2/1		normal	PMD		tumblr.com/beaniecapprintsREPLACEMEHidden Land Guide	U	common	Creature — Dinosaur Scout 	79	U	4UU	Ward 2 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 2.)
3U: Target creature can’t be blocked this turn. This ability costs 3 less to activate if it targets a creature you don’t control.	4/6		normal	PMD		tumblr.com/albadexREPLACEMEFrism		common	Artifact	293	C	3	T: Add one mana of any color.
3, T, Sacrifice this artifact: Return target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.			normal	PMD		tumblr.com/kurtisthesnivyREPLACEMEMessage from a Friend	G	common	Instant	239	G	2G	Return target card from your graveyard to your hand.
Bounty (As long as you’ve attacked a player who had the most life of your opponents this turn, you may cast this spell from your graveyard. Then exile it.)			normal	PMD		tumblr.com/azurityartsREPLACEMEParty Leader	R	common	Creature — Weasel Knight 	196	R	2R	Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
When this creature enters, create a 1/1 white Jackal Ranger creature token.	2/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMESwift Guardian	U	common	Creature — Frog Rogue 	96	U	3U	Flash
When this creature enters, choose target nonland permanent. Its controller may return it to its owner’s hand.	4/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMETeleport Gem		common	Artifact	306	C	2	Flash
When this artifact enters, exile target creature you control, then return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control.
6, T, Sacrifice this artifact: Creatures you control can’t be blocked this turn.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMELegendary Treasures	B	rare	Enchantment	136	B	2B	Whenever one or more creatures you control deal combat damage to a player, create a tapped Treasure token. (This ability triggers once for each player damaged.)
Sacrifice seven untapped Treasures: Gain control of target non-commander creature. Activate only as a sorcery.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHero of Valiant Audacity	G	uncommon	Legendary Creature — Dinosaur Rogue 	228	G	2G	Vigilance, trample
Whenever a creature you control with power greater than its base power deals combat damage to an opponent, it deals that much damage to any number of other opponents.
Partner (You can have two commanders if both have partner.)	3/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEKindly Innkeeper	U	common	Creature — Bird Citizen 	82	U	4U	Flying
3U: Scry 1. (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)	3/4		normal	PMD		https://cptbeeart.tumblr.com/post/175389948361/full-piece-of-my-part-for-the-pkmguildzineREPLACEMEAquatic Scout	U	uncommon	Creature — Weasel Scout 	55	U	1U	Whenever a creature you control attacks and isn’t blocked, it gets +1/+0 until end of turn.
Whenever a creature you control becomes blocked, you may return it to its owner’s hand.	2/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMETeam Badge		common	Artifact — Equipment 	305	C	1	Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
As long as equipped creature is a commander, it has ward 3. (Whenever it becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 3.)
Equip 1			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEConked Out	U	uncommon	Sorcery	63	U	2UU	Tap each creature target player controls. Put a stun counter on each of them. (If a permanent with a stun counter would become untapped, remove one from it instead.)			normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/shih-na/693285206172532736/drawing-my-explorers-team-because-this-game-stoleREPLACEMEUnlikely Teammate	W	uncommon	Creature — Bird Scout 	51	W	4W	Flying
When this creature enters, create a 1/1 green Insect creature token.
Whenever you create a token, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.	2/2		normal	PMD		https://twitter.com/DAY_Walker1117/status/1274350223301570563REPLACEMEJoin Forces	G	common	Instant	232	G	1G	Choose target creature you don’t control. Each player other than that creature’s controller may choose a creature they control. Each of those creatures deals damage equal to its power to the first chosen creature.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEA Long Way Up	G	common	Sorcery	235	G	1G	Look at the top five cards of your library. You may reveal a creature or Expedition card from among them and put it into your hand. Put the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.
Bounty (As long as you’ve attacked a player who had the most life of your opponents this turn, you may cast this spell from your graveyard. Then exile it.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMESwirling Quicksand	U	common	Instant	97	U	2U	Exile target creature. Return it to the battlefield under its owner’s control at the beginning of the next end step.
Draw a card.			normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/kandysongbirdREPLACEMEGrovyle, the Thief of Time	G	mythic	Legendary Creature — Lizard Rogue 	222	UG	2G	Haste
Whenever you attack, create a tapped blue artifact token named Time Gear with “T: Add U.” Then if you control five or more artifacts named Time Gear, you may exile Grovyle and those artifacts. If you do, put a trample counter, a hexproof counter, and five +1/+1 counters on each of up to two target creatures.	3/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEMystic's Staff	R	common	Artifact — Equipment 	193	R	2R	When this artifact enters, return up to one target instant or sorcery card from your graveyard to your hand.
Equipped creature gets +2/+1.
Equip 2			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEIn the Future of Darkness	B	rare	Sorcery	133	B	XB	All creatures get -X/-X until end of turn.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEHired Scoundrel	B	common	Creature — Crocodile Rogue 	132	B	3B	When this creature enters, each player sacrifices a creature. If mana from a Treasure was spent to cast it, each opponent sacrifices a creature instead.	4/3		normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/ishmam/galleryREPLACEMETerramorphic Expanse		common	Land	315	C		T, Sacrifice this land: Search your library for a basic land card, put it onto the battlefield tapped, then shuffle.			normal	PMD		reprintREPLACEMEExcavations Expert	G	common	Creature — Rabbit Scout 	221	G	3G	Trample; melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
When this creature enters, mill three cards. If you attacked two or more players this turn, you may put a card from your graveyard on top of your library.	3/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEWorldcore Wishes	W	uncommon	Sorcery	52	W	2WW	Put a creature card from a graveyard or a commander from the command zone onto the battlefield under its owner’s control. When you do, if you don’t control that creature, create a white Aura enchantment token attached to it with enchant creature and “Enchanted creature can’t attack you or block creatures you control.”			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEBond of Friendship	W	common	Enchantment — Aura 	6	W	1W	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can’t attack you or block creatures you control.			normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/mimicspiderREPLACEMEOverburdened Postmaster	U	uncommon	Creature — Bird Citizen 	90	U	4U	Flying
You have no maximum hand size.
Whenever an opponent draws a card, if it’s not their draw step, you may draw a card.	3/4		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEMirage Marauder	R	uncommon	Creature — Fox Berserker 	191	R	4RR	Haste, melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
Whenever this creature attacks, create a token that’s tapped and attacking and that’s a copy of another target attacking creature, except it isn’t legendary. Exile the token at end of combat.	3/1		normal	PMD		hhttps://princeofspirits.tumblr.com/post/673934725393563648/crimson-moonlightREPLACEMEDark Pulse	B	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	119	B	2B	Enchant creature
Enchanted creature gets -X/-X, where X is the number of cards in your graveyard.
Cycling 3 (3, Discard this card: Draw a card.)
When you cycle this card, mill three cards.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEGigaton Hammer		uncommon	Artifact — Equipment 	294	C	3	Equipped creature gets +5/+5.
Equip 7. This ability costs 1 less to activate for each other artifact you control.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEPassage of Time		uncommon	Land	313	C		T: Add C.
2, T, Sacrifice this land: Search your library for up to two basic land cards, reveal those cards, put one onto the battlefield tapped and the other into your hand, then shuffle.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEWrack With Grief	B	rare	Enchantment	156	B	1B	When this enchantment enters, target player sacrifices a creature.
Whenever a commander you control leaves the battlefield, you may return this enchantment to its owner’s hand.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEEscape Orb		uncommon	Artifact	292	C	3	T, Sacrifice this artifact: Exile each other nonland permanent you control. At the beginning of the next end step, return those permanents to the battlefield tapped under their owners’ control.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEBlaze Courier	R	uncommon	Creature — Dragon Citizen 	164	R	5RR	Flying
When this creature enters, you may have you and target opponent each discard your hands, then draw seven cards.	7/7		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEPost Town Bandit		common	Artifact Creature — Rogue 	301	C	2	Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
When this creature enters, each player may pay 3 life. For each player who does, that player surveys. (To survey, scry 2 or search for a basic land, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	1/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEDungeon Guard		common	Artifact Creature — Cat Soldier 	291	C	2	When this creature dies, each player may survey. (To survey, scry 2 or search for a basic land, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)	3/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEBerserk Mutation	G	rare	Sorcery	212	G	G	Until end of turn, double the power of target creature you control. It gains haste, trample, and “Whenever this creature deals damage to a player, it deals that much damage to any number of other target players.” At the beginning of the next end step, sacrifice it.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEAvaricious Merchant	B	uncommon	Creature — Spirit Citizen 	108	B	4B	When this creature enters, create two Treasure tokens. (They’re artifacts with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
Whenever an artifact you control enters, each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	2/5		normal	PMD		REPLACEMECurious Statue		uncommon	Artifact	289	C	4	T: Add CC.
8: Until end of turn, this artifact becomes a 6/6 red Elder Beast Sculpture artifact creature with trample.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEAnxious Prodigy	U	uncommon	Creature — Cat Wizard 	54	U	1U	Whenever you scry, put a +1/+1 counter on this creature.
2: This creature can’t be blocked by creatures with lesser power this turn.	2/1		normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/pinkgermy/art/Day-29-Mega-Gengar-and-Espurr-424041913REPLACEMEDaring Rescue	U	uncommon	Instant	64	U	1U	For each player, choose one —
• Return target creature that player controls to its owner’s hand.
• Goad target creature that player controls. (Until your next turn, that creature attacks each combat if able and attacks a player other than you if able.)			normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/yamashita-akadoragon/art/The-Chase-at-Holehills-376025675REPLACEMEOn the Beach at Dusk	W	uncommon	Enchantment — Aura 	34	W	1W	Enchant opponent
At the beginning of your upkeep, you may have you and enchanted player each draw a card.			normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/phantom-radea/galleryREPLACEMETree on the Hill		uncommon	Land	318	C		T: Add C.
1, T: Add one mana of any color. If you spend this mana to cast your commander, it enters with an additional +1/+1 counter on it.			normal	PMD		ft from psmdREPLACEMESerene Village Caretaker	U	uncommon	Creature — Turtle Citizen 	92	U	3U	Creature spells you cast cost 1 less to cast.
Whenever you cast your second spell each turn, create a 1/1 white Jackal Ranger creature token.	2/5		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEAlakazam's Pursuit	R	rare	Sorcery	159	R	3RR	For each player, choose friend or foe. Each friend creates three Treasure tokens. Goad each creature each foe controls. (Until your next turn, those creatures attack each combat if able and attack a player other than you if able.)			normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/cmccillustr8/art/The-Fugitives-on-Mt-Freeze-Pkmn-Mystery-Dungeon-891311267REPLACEMECreeping Shadows	B	uncommon	Sorcery	114	B	6B	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature card in your graveyard.
Create three 2/2 black Nightmare creature tokens with “When this creature dies, mill cards until you mill a black card.”			normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/ninjaunicorn252/galleryREPLACEMEWasteland Wayfarer	G	rare	Creature — Camel Scout 	258	G	3G	You may look at the top card of your library any time.
You may play lands from the top of your library.
Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on up to one other target creature.	2/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEBank Manager	R	uncommon	Creature — Cat Citizen 	163	R	2R	At the beginning of your upkeep, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
Whenever you sacrifice an artifact, you may pay 2 and discard a card. If you do, draw a card.	1/2		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEGilded Shopkeeper		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Spirit Citizen 	295	C	3	When this creature enters, create a Treasure token. (It’s an artifact with “T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.”)
3, T: Target creature gets +X/+X until end of turn, where X is the number of artifacts you control. Activate only as a sorcery.	2/3		normal	PMD		https://spoonyliger.artstation.com/projects/kQExbn?album_id=2773732REPLACEMEDungeon Pit		uncommon	Land	308	C		T: Add C.
3, T, Tap an untapped commander you control: Draw a card.			normal	PMD		https://liggya.tumblr.com/post/644490364423634944/been-working-on-a-collaborative-pmd-fanfic-forREPLACEMEPitch In	G	uncommon	Enchantment	242	G	2G	At the beginning of your end step, if creatures you control have total power 8 or greater, draw a card.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMERockslide Titan	G	uncommon	Creature — Dinosaur Ranger 	245	G	5GGG	Trample, ward 4 (Whenever this creature becomes the target of a spell or ability an opponent controls, counter it unless that player pays 4.)
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)	9/9		normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/kel-del/galleryREPLACEMEStickyslither Hydra	G	uncommon	Creature — Worm Hydra 	251	G	XGG	This spell costs 1 less to cast for each creature card in your graveyard.
This creature can’t be blocked by creatures with power 2 or less.
This creature enters with X +1/+1 counters on it.	0/0		normal	PMD		https://zenala-art.tumblr.com/post/738634127449980928/the-most-creature-everREPLACEMEMetallic Mauler		uncommon	Artifact Creature — Dinosaur Warrior 	298	C	X	This creature enters with X +1/+1 counters on it.
When this creature enters, if X is 5 or greater, you may discard your hand. If you do, draw a card for each artifact you control and each artifact you’ve sacrificed this turn.	0/0		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEOverflowing Chest		rare	Artifact	300	C	2	When this artifact enters, each player exiles the top card of their library.
During each player’s turn, that player may play a card from among cards exiled with this artifact. If it’s a spell, mana of any type can be spent to cast it. When they do, that card’s owner exiles the top card of their library.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMESpectral Rocketeer	B	rare	Creature — Dragon Spirit Warrior 	149	B	4BB	Flying
When this creature enters, create two 1/1 black Dragon Spirit creature tokens with flying.
Whenever you attack, you may sacrifice an artifact or creature. When you do, this creature deals 2 damage to any target.	4/4		normal	PMD		https://liokora.tumblr.com/post/642682852657496064/dragapult-and-its-babiesREPLACEMEAmbitious Polymorphist	B	rare	Creature — Fox Shapeshifter Rogue 	106	B	5B	You may have this creature enter the battlefield as a copy of a creature card in your graveyard, except it has its other abilities.
Menace
This creature gets +1/+1 for each creature card in your graveyard.	0/0		normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/thwill/art/AT-PMD-Champions-of-Eternity-943019497REPLACEMETreasure Town		rare	Land	316	C		T: Add C.
T, Sacrifice a Treasure: Choose one —
• Create a tapped 1/1 white Jackal Ranger creature token.
• Draw a card, then discard a card.
• Tap target creature.			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEFogbound Lake		common	Land	309	U		This land enters tapped. As it enters, choose a color.
T: Add U or one mana of the chosen color.
Cycling 3 (3, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEIllusionist's Ploy	U	uncommon	Instant	81	U	4U	This spell costs 4 less to cast if you control neither creature it targets.
Exchange control of two target creatures controlled by different players.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	PMD		https://www.tumbex.com/azurityarts.tumblr/post/720408286967562240REPLACEMESky Peak	W	uncommon	Enchantment — Expedition 	44	W	W			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
Whenever another artifact or enchantment you control enters, scry 1.
4+ Power B2F
Whenever another artifact or enchantment you control enters, put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature.
8+ Power B3F
Prevent all damage that would be dealt to enchanted and equipped creatures you control.	class	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/citruscantusREPLACEMEFrosty Forest	U	uncommon	Enchantment — Expedition 	69	U	2U			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
When this enchantment enters, tap up to one target creature and put two stun counters on it.
5+ Power B2F
At the beginning of your end step, untap each creature you control.
12+ Power B3F
When you reach B3F, create an 8/8 blue Elemental Bird creature token with flying.	class	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/citruscantusREPLACEMEAbyssal Badlands	B	uncommon	Enchantment — Expedition 	105	B	2B			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
When this enchantment enters, each opponent sacrifices a creature.
7+ Power B3F
At the beginning of your end step, if a creature died this turn, put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature.
12+ Power B2F
At the beginning of your end step, if a creature died this turn, draw a card.	class	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/citruscantusREPLACEMEMount Blaze	R	uncommon	Enchantment — Expedition 	192	R	1R			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
3, Sacrifice a land: Draw a card.
3+ Power 2F
When you reach 2F, this enchantment deals 4 damage to up to one target creature.
12+ Power 3F
When you reach 3F, create an 8/8 red Elemental Bird creature token with flying.	class	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/citruscantusREPLACEMERevelation Mountain	G	uncommon	Enchantment — Expedition 	244	G	1G			(When you attack, you may add the next floor’s ability if you control attacking creatures with enough total power.)
Whenever you cast a creature spell, you may discard a card. If you do, draw a card.
5+ Power 2F
Whenever one or more cards leave your graveyard, put a +1/+1 counter on up to one target creature.
10+ Power 3F
When you reach 3F, for each creature you control with a +1/+1 counter on it, return up to one card from your graveyard to your hand.	class	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/citruscantusREPLACEMEWindrider Ranger	U	uncommon	Creature — Bat Ranger 	104	U	3U	Flash
Flying
Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
At the beginning of your end step, untap up to two target lands.	1/2		normal	PMD		https://twitter.com/GoatDraws/status/1438015929384898563REPLACEMEUxie of Fogbound Lake	UG	rare	Legendary Creature — Spirit 	281	UG	2GU	Flying
Landfall — Whenever a land you control enters, if you don’t control an Illusion, create a 5/5 red Elder Beast Illusion token with reach, trample, and “Whenever this creature deals damage or is dealt damage, sacrifice it.”	2/3		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEStorefront	G	rare	Enchantment	252	G	G	2: You and this enchantment’s controller each choose one. Only your opponents may activate this ability, only as a sorcery and only once each turn.
• You gain 3 life.
• Draw a card.
• Add two mana in any combination of colors.
• Put a +1/+1 counter on a creature you control.
Cycling 2 (2, Discard this card: Draw a card.)			normal	PMD		REPLACEMEPlains		common	Basic Land — Plains 	319	C					normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/jimmyljx/art/2016-PMD-EoTDS-Future-of-Temporal-Tower-670371631REPLACEMEIsland		common	Basic Land — Island 	320	C					normal	PMD		REPLACEMESwamp		common	Basic Land — Swamp 	321	C					normal	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/jimmyljx/art/2016-PMD-EoTDS-Future-of-Temporal-Tower-670371631REPLACEMEMountain		common	Basic Land — Mountain 	322	C					normal	PMD		REPLACEMEForest		common	Basic Land — Forest 	323	C					normal	PMD		https://www.tumblr.com/preqame/190006437619/2020-is-trying-new-thingsREPLACEMEHero of Endless Possibility		special	Legendary Creature — Fox Ranger 	324	C	3	(You always have access to this card to use as your commander during deckbuilding.)
When this creature enters, survey. (Scry 2 or search for a basic land, put it into your hand, then shuffle.)
Partner	2/1		normal	PMD		REPLACEMEAura	W	common	Token Enchantment — Aura 	1	W		Enchant creature
Enchanted creature can’t attack you or block creatures you control.			token	PMD		!related Worldcore Wishes;REPLACEMEDunsparce, Faithful Friend	W	common	Legendary Token Creature — Snake Scout 	2	W		T: Target creature can’t block this turn.	1/1		token	PMD		!related Emolga, Impetuous Ally;REPLACEMEWhite Elemental Bird	W	common	Token Creature — Elemental Bird 	3	W		Flying	8/8		token	PMD		!exportname White Elemental Bird
!related Mount Thunder;REPLACEMEJackal Ranger	W	common	Token Creature — Jackal Ranger 	4	W			1/1		token	PMD		!related Aura Bolt;Expedition Rally<2>;Treasure Town;Guildmaster Wigglytuff;Radiant Aura;Serene Village Caretaker;Party Leader;Meeting of Explorers<3>;Quagsire, Criminal Reformer;
https://www.deviantart.com/autobottesla/galleryREPLACEMESpirit	W	common	Token Creature — Spirit 	5	W		Flying
This creature can’t block.	1/1		token	PMD		https://www.deviantart.com/gumbogamer/art/Pokekaki-Litwick-204427005REPLACEMEBlue Elemental Bird	U	common	Token Creature — Elemental Bird 	6	U		Flying	8/8		token	PMD		!exportname Blue Elemental Bird
!related Frosty Forest;
https://www.tumblr.com/friedunicornstudioREPLACEMEAlien	B	common	Token Creature — Alien 	8	B		Flying
T: Each opponent loses 1 life and you gain 1 life.	1/1		token	PMD		!related Nuzleaf, Servant of Dark Matter;
tcgREPLACEMECurse	B	common	Token Enchantment — Aura Curse 	9	B		Enchant player
At the beginning of your upkeep, you lose 1 life.			token	PMD		!related Ninetales, Bearer of Curses;
https://www.deviantart.com/rajewel/art/Fox-Fire-817835575REPLACEMEDragon Spirit	B	common	Token Creature — Dragon Spirit 	10	B		Flying	1/1		token	PMD		!related Spectral Rocketeer<2>;
https://www.deviantart.com/min-mew/art/Dreepy-849283041REPLACEMENightmare	B	common	Token Creature — Nightmare 	11	B		When this creature dies, mill cards until you mill a black card.	2/2		token	PMD		!related Dark Matter;Creeping Shadows<3>;REPLACEMEElder Beast Illusion	R	common	Token Creature — Elder Beast Illusion 	12	R		Reach, trample
Whenever this creature deals damage or is dealt damage, sacrifice it.	5/5		token	PMD		!related Uxie of Fogbound Lake;
https://www.tumblr.com/blehcadoREPLACEMERed Elemental Bird	R	common	Token Creature — Elemental Bird 	13	R		Flying	8/8		token	PMD		!exportname Red Elemental Bird
!related Mount Blaze;
https://www.tumblr.com/lilystrations/711171977301327872/autumn-heat-next-up-for-the-legendary-squawkersREPLACEMEElemental Wall	R	common	Token Creature — Elemental Wall 	14	R		Defender, reach
At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice this creature.	X/X		token	PMD		!related Hero of Incendiary Unity;REPLACEMEGoblin	R	common	Token Creature — Goblin 	15	R		Melee (Whenever this creature attacks, it gets +1/+1 until end of turn for each opponent you attacked this combat.)
This creature can’t block.	1/1		token	PMD		!related Crystalline Feast;Goblin Gem-Boss<2>;Dusknoir, the Betrayer<2>;REPLACEMEInsect	G	common	Token Creature — Insect 	16	G			1/1		token	PMD		!related Unlikely Teammate;Apple Woods;Loam Bruiser<2>;
https://www.deviantart.com/rileykitty/art/A-Sip-of-Sap-507394697REPLACEMEGardevoir	UR	common	Token Legendary Creature — Faerie 	17	UR		Vigilance
T: Draw a card.	3/3		token	PMD		!related Lopunny of Team Charm;
https://www.deviantart.com/tonyficticium/art/Gardevoir-483661333REPLACEMEMedicham	WG	common	Token Legendary Creature — Monk 	18	WG		Vigilance
T: Add three mana of different colors.	3/3		token	PMD		!related Lopunny of Team Charm;REPLACEMEBone Club		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	19	C		Equipped creature gets +1/+0 and has menace. (That creature can’t be blocked except by two or more creatures.)
Equip 2			token	PMD		!related Hero of Dreaded Knight;
https://www.deviantart.com/umberoff/art/lavender-627434182REPLACEMEEntercard		common	Token Artifact — Entercard 	20	C		2, T: Scry 1.			token	PMD		!related Scholar of the Sun;Scholar of the Moon;REPLACEMEFood		common	Artifact Token — Food 	21	C		2, T, Sacrifice this artifact: You gain 3 life.			token	PMD		!related Guild Cuisinier;Apple Woods<2>;
https://www.deviantart.com/chromatic-drip/art/Dinnertime-In-Wigglytuff-s-Guild-752029874REPLACEMEScalchop		common	Token Artifact — Equipment 	22	C		Equipped creature gets +1/+1.
Equip 1			token	PMD		!related Scalchop Blademaster;Hero of Daring Guardianship;
https://www.deviantart.com/yassui/art/Scalchop-Brothers-329643719REPLACEMESky Gift		common	Token Artifact	23	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Choose one. Sky Gift’s owner also chooses one.
• Put three +1/+1 counters on target creature.
• Draw a card. You gain 3 life.			token	PMD		!related Shaymin of Sky Peak;REPLACEMESpace Globe		common	Token Artifact	24	WUBRG		WUBRG, T, Tap an untapped commander you control: Target player loses 493 life.			token	PMD		!related Destiny Tower;REPLACEMETime Gear	U	common	Token Artifact	7	U		T: Add U.			token	PMD		!related Celebi, Temporal Voyager;Grovyle, the Thief of Time;REPLACEMETreasure		common	Token Artifact — Treasure 	25	C		T, Sacrifice this artifact: Add one mana of any color.			token	PMD		!related Lookalike Switcheroo;Avaricious Merchant<2>;Bring to Justice;Draconic Veteran;Hero of Gilded Trickery;Legendary Treasures;Skittering Plunderer;Treasure Hoarders;Alakazam’s Pursuit<3>;Armaldo, Reformed Renegade;Bank Manager;Crystal Crossing;Crystalline Feast;Pilfering Pair;Prepare for the Journey;Stompstump Peak;Victini, the Wind of Fortune;Architect of Paradise;Most Wanted<2>;Destiny Tower<5>;Mawile, Expedition Archivist;Gilded Shopkeeper;Ionization Enforcer;Mission Mailbox;
https://www.deviantart.com/littleanchovy/art/Finding-treasure-Ground-Pokemon-Contest-Entry-324608277REPLACEME